- 100% Rivals!
101 Battles Final Stage 101 Battles Final Stage It's over...
- 101 Battles Final Stage - 101 Battles Final Stage The finale is a live performance.
- 101 Legendary Battles.
- 10 ways to make friends with bats - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this year! - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your
15 minutes until showtime!
333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 - Feel free to stop on by - m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276
365° of changing changing 365° no changing changing I'm onto my next image tsugi tsugi image I'm onto my next image tsugi tsugi image I wonder what color I should challenge, challenge next tsugi wa donna iro ni challenge challenge shiyou I wonder what color I should challenge, challenge next
465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 Feel free to stop on by Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276
465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276
- 54th Star Harmony Cup Entry Form - Friends Name - Year and Name - Short appeal - Pure Palette - Minato Mio - Yuuki Aine - We'll do our very best!
- 54th Star Harmony Cup Entry Form - Friends Name - Year and Name - Short appeal - Pure Palette - Minato Mio - Yuuki Aine We'll do our very best!
- 54th Star Harmony Cup Entry Form - Friends Name - Year and Name - Short appeal - Pure Palette - Minato Mio Yuuki Aine We'll do our very best!
6 cm ue no keshiki mitai senobi shitai Because there's a side of me I've never shown to Papa datte papa no shiranai watashi ga iru no The view from six centimeters higher makes me want to change now 6 cm ue no keshiki mitara imachen no yokan I can't wait to learn what my future holds
6 cm ue no keshiki mitai senobi shitai The view from six centimeters higher makes me want to reach 6 cm ue no keshiki mitai senobi shitai Because there's a side of me I've never shown to Papa datte papa no shiranai watashi ga iru no Because there's a side of
9/29 Recording 9/29 Recording 9/29 Recording Enter studio Enter studio Meeting Meeting Camera setup Camera setup Rehearsal Rehearsal - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival
A1.
A-A hundred?!
A-Aine!
A-Aine, what's your dream?
aa jikan ga tarinai na Ah, there's just not enough time aa jikan ga tarinai na The world is a surprise!
A-Alicia?
A-Alicia-san?!
A-Amazingly big dresses...
aa neko no te mo karitai Ah, I'd take all the help I can get aa neko no te mo karitai Ah, I'd take all the help I can get aa neko no te mo karitai The world is a miracle!
A-Anyway, I think there's only one option for the shoes!
A-A prank...
A-Are you Aine-chan's sister?
A-Are you okay, Aine?
A b-bear?!
A Best Friend... will I meet mine someday?
A big bang?
A big event...
A big hit on Aine-chan! Can she recover?
A bit of jousting can escalate quickly.
A blizzard is coming.
A blizzard is coming! Let's make haste.
A boar?!
A bouncy rhythm to bounce ideas off A bouncy rhythm to bounce ideas off hazumu rizumu aidia shoubu hazumu rizumu aidia shoubu We'll figure something out as long as we keep our pace We'll figure something out as long as we keep our pace kitto daijoubu kochira no peesu kitto daijoubu kochira no peesu
A bouncy rhythm to bounce ideas off hazumu rizumu aidia shoubu A bouncy rhythm to bounce ideas off hazumu rizumu aidia shoubu We'll figure something out as long as we keep our pace kitto daijoubu kochira no peesu We'll figure something out as long as we keep our pace kitto daijoubu kochira no peesu
A bouncy rhythm to bounce ideas off of.
About Aine...
About how Karen may have been right.
- About I Believe— - About I Believe...
About Love Me Tear.
About my compatibility with Aine!
About ten years ago?
About the Brilliant Friends Cup...
About this much?
About what?
About whether we'll be able to pass our next audition.
About your solo live?
A boy?
A brand, solo debut, and movie role.
A bread eating contest.
Absolutely out of the question.
A bubble show.
A bug...
A burning hot blaze that draws in and engulfs everything around it.
A button?
A campground!
- Access Application - Name - Agency Name - Address - Phone Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Reflect Moon Coco's work tips number one!
Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge Access Badge My name is Alicia Charlotte. Gentlemen, it is my pleasure to be working with you.
Access Badge Thank you very much.
Accolades to each of their Miracle Appeals, befitting their coords.
According to my divination, a devastating misfortune would befall Kaguya-chan on the field trip...
According to Sakuya-san's divination, a devastating misfortune would befall Kaguya-san after their stage.
According to the prophecy, a performance by Aine-dono, Mio-dono, Karen-dono, Mirai-dono, and Hibiki-dono can save us.
According to the prophecy, a performance by Miss Aine, Miss Mio, Miss Karen, Miss Mirai, and Miss Hibiki can save us.
According to the top secret schedule I obtained, they should have the entire day off though.
According to the top-secret schedule I obtained, they should have the entire day off though.
"Accuracy dependent on the moon's radiance tonight"?
"Accuracy depends on the moon's radiance tonight"?
A certain thought ran through my head when I picked the theme of this show, ~Everyone's Sceneries~.
A chance like this comes only once in a blue moon. Will you take it?
Achieving such a grand dream brings with it as much happiness as uncertainty.
A chocolittle of mint is a spark of cool!
A chocomint confession.
A Chocomint Confession A Chocomint Confession A Chocomint Confession I summon thee, ninja!
A circle gliding across the sky nazoru sora no saakuru A circle gliding across the sky nazoru sora no saakuru A circle gliding across the sky nazoru sora no saakuru A sphere reflecting our instincts honnou utsusu sufia A sphere reflecting our instincts honnou utsusu sufia A sphere reflecting our instincts
A close sister?
A Coco-chan Appeal?
A collection of venues from around the world.
A color that can't be painted over?
A complaint about Mio...
A concert at a fest?!
A cool pose?
A copycat...
A crystal ball again?
A crystal ball? I'm pretty sure you used dice and a book before...
Acting chops?
Acting in a drama... But why me?
Acting is all about experience.
Acting is all about mixing wonderful lies with a touch of bracing reality.
Acting sure is deep.
Acting takes a lot more stamina than you'd expect.
Acting towards their wholehearted beliefs, they were able to make their dream come true.
Action!
Activating.
Act natural.
- Actually!
Actually...
Actually, about that...
Actually, instead of wracking your brain, I think you'd do best choosing based on instinct.
Actually, it looks like Mirai-san isn't here either.
Actually, I've never seen it before.
Actually, she ended up being a huge help.
Actually, they're really blurry.
Actually, this is for a gig doing voice work.
Actually, we wanted to let you know about our idea.
Actually, when'd we get so good at geography?
Actually, would you mind allowing me to go to the lacrosse camp as the team's manager?
Actually you see, my mom and dad run this place.
A dash of either really brings out the flavor.
A debut concert just for new students?
A design that's only complete when they come together.
A devastating misfortune will befall Kaguya-san on stage.
A devastating misfortune will befall me upon the stage, leaving you alone.
A devastation misfortune will befall me upon the stage, leaving you alone.
A diamond's glimmer is eternal. I can only hope their Friends will be the same.
A diamond's radiance is really special.
A different mood is nice once in a while.
Adorable!
A dream?
A dress adorned with gems...
A dress just for me.
A dress made as if it is a bouquet of flowers in the classical princess style.
A-E-I-U-E-O-A-O.
A famous pâtissière created it to be sold in convenience stores everywhere.
A famous pâtissière created it to be sold widely in convenience stores everywhere.
A fated encounter under the moon's guidance.
A Fated Encounter Under the Moon's Guidance A Fated Encounter Under the Moon's Guidance A Fated Encounter Under the Moon's Guidance Penguin Cafe It's love, Mio-chan! Romance!
A favor?
A festival?
A few days ago, at the Amanogawa Stadium, Pure Palette had an extremely successful first solo arena concert.
A fire burns along to the rhythm rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru A fire burns along to the rhythm rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete
A flood of roses adorns the flowing water design.
- A foot bath would be nice as well.
A foreign artist's concert was suddenly canceled, so they're looking to fill the gap.
A foreign artist's live was suddenly cancelled, so they're looking to fill the gap.
African elephants in the Savanna!
A friend?
A friend album?
A Friend, but also your rival?
A friend of my friend is a friend!
A Friends announcement out of nowhere?
A Friends present exchange with Onee-sama.
A Friends with you and me?
After all...
After all, Coco only exists to help you all out.
After all, Coco's reason for being is to help you all out.
After all, I Believe is said to have touched the hearts of even Love Me Tear, and we want to be on stage with you too!
After all, it led me to a wonderful encounter with you.
After all, it's Producer Mirai's last present to you.
After all, I've heard all about how I Believe touched even Love Me Tear's hearts, so we want to be on stage with you too!
After all, I want to see an Aikatsu miracle.
After all that failure...
After all that, none of us managed a Miracle Appeal.
After all that playing around, now I want to do Aikatsu.
After all the hard work you put in, your show is sure to be fantastic.
After all, they both feel the same about doing something for the people who came for the show.
After all, they both feel the same about wanting to do something for all the excited visitors.
After all, this is my first time doing a TV show!
After all, Valentine's is...
After all, we're friends!
After all, we were flying all around the country for our Fan Meeting Tour until right before the deadline.
After all, we were flying all around the country for our Fan Meeting Tour until the last minute.
After all, you made a promise to keep it a secret.
After all, you're a pro at singing, dancing, and acting!
After all, you wanted to keep it secret.
After all, you worked so hard to make it for...
After completing their Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour, Honey Cat has leveled up even more as well.
After completing their Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour, Honey Cat has powered up even more as well.
After diving into the world of idols for the first time, I found it full of surprises.
After following the path it indicated and digging the spot it indicated, we found...
After forming Pure Palette, Mio-chan is shining brighter than ever before in her Neo Combination Coord!
After her!
After I give you your cue, come up here from stage right.
After Love Me Tear got stranded overseas, Mio-chan had to act as their stand-in for an important talk show.
After narrowing down potential candidates from around the world, you were the final two left.
After returning to reprise my role on the drama Idol Witch, I ended up in a competition with Mirai-san.
After seeing how earnestly Pure Palette is working for their dreams, I've decided to study hard so I can become a nurse.
After seeing such inspiring displays, how could we not be driven to ramp up the intensity of our Aikatsu?
After she resolved the issues with the Principality, I fully intended to begin our activities anew.
After that, Ema-chan and Sakuya-chan formed Cat Moon, while Maika-chan and Kaguya-chan formed Reflect Honey.
After that incident, she sealed off the Love Me Zone.
After that, we joined up with Maika and Ema-chan for an incredibly memorable Christmas concert.
After the Friends we were competing with in the finals saw our performance, they said they had no right to call themselves idols, and quit Aikatsu forever.
After the handshake event is a mini-live.
After this is stretching, vocalization, voice training, dance lessons, and...
After this reception, we'll begin the party with all of the visitors, students, and staff.
After years of absence, Alicia is back in the thick of Aikatsu.
A full house? There are so many fans here.
AGA AGA AGA AGA AGA AGA AGA AGA AGA As goodwill ambassador, one thing has become clear.
AGA I am Kamishiro Karen, the new Aikatsu goodwill ambassador.
Against a backdrop of countless pinpricks of light, you can sing and dance as far as your heart desires.
- A galaxy dotted with countless stars.
A galaxy twinkling with countless stars.
A game?
agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen
Agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute
A ghost!
A ghost?
- A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for
A "gift for Love Me Tear" performance...
A girl so charming that she captivates all who lay eyes on her.
A good reporter is always well prepared.
A grand scale...
Ah!
Ah?!
Aha! Essentially, we'll be victorious!
Aha! Essentially, we'll end up beating them!
Ah, a ghost!
Aha! So basically, we'll end up beating them!
Ah, does that voice belong to Mio-chan?
Ahem!
Ah, harmony never heard before aa zanshin na hibiki Ah, harmony never heard before aa zanshin na hibiki - I'm sure here and there never everywhere this cafe au lait - kitto are kore dore mire kafe ore - I'm sure here and there never everywhere this cafe au lait - kitto are kore dore mire kafe ore
Ah, how very hazily!
A h-hundred?!
Ah, I got an idea!
Ah, I have an idea!
Ah, is that Mio-chan I hear?
Ah, it's adorable!
Ah, it's Aine-chan!
Ah! It started!
Ah, it tastes just like my amore aa watashi dake no amore Ah, it tastes just like my amore aa watashi dake no amore - A lovely loving idiomatic idea that begins with I - sukitte suteki na I no aikotoba ne - A lovely loving idiomatic idea that begins with I - sukitte suteki na I no aikotoba ne
Ah! Look at that, Onii-chan!
Ah, maybe there's a jewel inside!
Ah! Mio, are you okay?!
Ah, Neve!
Ah, now I get it.
A holiday on Karen Island! Swimming, diving, and riding the waves in cute swimsuits!
A horizon of ultimate freedom, a stage beyond any fantasy, space Aikatsu.
Ah, Pen-sama!
Ah, she slurred.
Ah, she slurred it.
Ah, that's it!
Ah, that's where my house is!
Ah, there they are!
Ah, they're here too!
A huge event for girls!
A hundred and one?!
Ah, wait a minute! The bill!
Ah, you're right!
Ai!
Ai...
Aidoru katsudou!
aidoru no sekai ni When suddenly they learned aidoru no sekai ni When suddenly they learned aidoru no sekai ni - Of an idol world they yearned - kogare akogarete - Of an idol world they yearned - kogare akogarete - Of an idol world they yearned - kogare akogarete
Aika...
Ai... katsu!
Ai... katsu...
Aikatsu!
Aikatsu?
Aikatsu.
Aikatsu...
Aikatsu abroad tips number one.
Aikatsu abroad tips number three.
Aikatsu abroad tips number two.
Aikatsu Aikatsu!
Aikatsu, Aikatsu!
Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Aikatsu. Aikatsu.
Aikatsu... Aikatsu!
Aikatsu... Aikatsu...
Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Aikatsu. Aikatsu. Aikatsu.
Aikatsu... Aikatsu... Aikatsu...
Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu Aikatsu... Aikatsu... Aikatsu...
Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Aikatsu Song Song Song Bat Bat Bat tle tle tle Good evening, everyone!
Aikatsu aside, you haven't had to live alone for a long time, right?
Aikatsu at full throttle!
Aikatsu ban?!
Aikatsu Ban?!
Aikatsu cards?
Aikatsu fans from around the world all have their full attention on this very stage!
Aikatsu Friends is about to start!
Aikatsu has the power to bring smiles to our people!
Aikatsu is amazing and fun!
Aikatsu is not done for the purpose of defeating others.
Aikatsu is the most fun ever!
- Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix Start!!
- Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix Start!! - Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix Start!!
Aikatsu lady!
Aikatsu may seem dazzling from the outside, but it's built upon honest and continuous efforts behind the scenes.
Aikatsu may seem flashy from the outside, but it's built upon continuous honest work behind the scenes.
Aikatsu must not be allowed to exist.
Aikatsu Navi Aikatsu Navi What's up, Coco-chan?
- Aikatsu Navi - I'm Coco!
- Aikatsu Navi - Message from Coco!
Aikatsu only serves to hurt Alicia-sama.
Aikatsu Song Battle!
Aikatsu together!
Aikatsu together! Here we go!
Aikatsu trois!
Aikatsu trois! Aikatsu trois!
Aikatsu Zone?
Aim for it as Honey Cat!
Aim for the top Aim for the top Brilliant Friends Cup Victory!
Aim for the top Brilliant Friends Cup Victory!
Aim to become best friends!
Aim to become Diamond Friends!
Aim to become Diamond Friends, right?
Aim to become the ultimate unit, Diamond Friends!
Aim to be the one and only!
Aim to dual wield!
Aim to grow every day!
Aim to make a million friends!
"Aim to make a million friends!" Aim to Make a Million Friends Aim to Make a Million Friends Aim to Make a Million Friends - Aim to Make a Million Friends - Aim to Make a Million Friends - Aim to Make a Million Friends Very well. Give it a shot.
Aine!
Aine?
Aine?!
Aine.
Aine...
Aine Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine - Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Aine Here we go!
Aine Aine Aine A whole lot of your friends are here to see you.
Aine Aine Aine-chan Aine-chan Aine-chan Okay!
Aine Aine Aine Mio.
- Aine - Aine-chan - Honey Cat KAREN - Aine - Mio KAREN The victor is...
Aine and I are going to take our Aikatsu to the next level.
- Aine and I are going to take our Aikatsu to the next level now.
- Aine and I are going to take our Aikatsu to the next level together.
Aine and I consider all of our fans to be our very closest friends.
Aine and I decided to put Pure Palette on hiatus after a meaningful discussion.
Aine and I decided to put Pure Palette on hold for a time in order to build trust with one another.
- Aine and I decided to put Pure Palette on hold for a while in order to build trust with one another.
- Aine and I decided to put Pure Palette on hold for a while so that we could deepen our trust.
Aine and I had a serious battle with each other, with Pure Palette restart on the line.
Aine and I had a serious battle with each other, with Pure Palette's restart on the line.
Aine and I talked it over and decided to put Pure Palette on hiatus.
Aine and I were only able to become Diamond Friends thanks to all the help you've given us.
Aine and I were only able to become Diamond Friends thanks to all the help you've give us.
Aine and I will show you just how bright we can glow!
Aine and Mio tipped me off.
Aine and Mio, you're going to face your fears?
Aine and Nako-chan came here knowing that...
Aine! Are you o...
Aine, are you okay?
Aine, are you okay?!
Aine came up with the idea!
Aine can do it!
Aine can do this.
Aine, can I ask you something?
Aine, can you handle it?
Aine-chan!
Aine-chan?
Aine-chan.
Aine-chan...
- Aine-chan - Aine - Aine - Aine-chan - Mio-chan - Aine - Aine One day I'll show you all!
Aine-chan Aine-chan Aine Aine Aine Bring it on - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District
Aine-chan always draws a crowd.
Aine-chan and Mio-chan.
Aine-chan and Mio-chan are the ones who are really up early.
Aine-chan and Mio-chan have come so far since forming Friends.
Aine-chan and Mio-chan hold a radiance far greater than any I have ever felt before from another Friends.
Aine-chan and Mio-chan just put on their best performance ever in this huge venue!
Aine-chan... are you worried about us?
Aine-chan delivering a lost item...
Aine-chan, did you do the homework yet?
Aine-chan, did you just say "Aikatsu"?
Aine-chan, good luck!
Aine-chan has been working really hard to become Friends with you, Mio-chan.
Aine-chan has taken another step as an idol.
Aine-chan herself has gotten much better at running.
Aine-chan, how're things going for you?
Aine-chan, I can't believe you didn't do a single thing to prepare yet.
♪ Aine-chan ♪IdolEvent ♪Unbelievable Aine-chan delivering a lost item...
♪ Aine-chan ♪IdolEvent ♪Unbelievable ♪ Aine-chan ♪IdolEvent ♪Unbelievable What a response!
- ♪ Aine-chan ♪IdolEvent ♪Unbelievable Like!
- ♪ Aine-chan ♪IdolEvent ♪Unbelievable - Like! - Aine-chan delivering a lost item...
Aine-chan is the best!
Aine-chan, it's time.
Aine-chan, I want to you even more☆ It was exactly like you said.
Aine-chan, let's take a picture together!
Aine-chan, like I said, Sugar Melody isn't a brand.
Aine-chan, mind if I have some porridge too?
Aine-chan, Mio.
Aine-chan, Mio-chan!
Aine-chan, Mio-chan.
Aine-chan, Mio-chan...
Aine-chan! Mio-chan!
Aine-chan? Mio-chan?
Aine-chan, Mio-chan! Come on!
Aine-chan, Mio-chan! Congratulations on becoming Diamond Friends!
Aine-chan! Mio-chan! Everyone!
Aine-chan! Mio-chan! Give us your report!
Aine-chan, Mio-chan, it's nice to see you again. Are you here for work?
Aine-chan, Mio-chan, now it is your turn to ascend.
Aine-chan, Mio-chan, please look after me today.
Aine-chan, Mio-chan, thank you so much!
Aine-chan, Mio-chan, would you like a mikan?
- Aine-chan! Need advice!
- Aine-chan's always draws a crowd.
- Aine-chan's always surrounded by people.
Aine-chan's back to normal!
Aine-chan's dance is like this!
Aine-chan's dress is the Happiness Gift Coord!
Aine-chan's Melody Diamond Coord.
Aine-chan Sugar Melody...
- Aine-chan! Thanks for before! Just one more thing...
Aine-chan told me that she's made an oath, and to keep it from Mio-chan.
Aine-chan, use these too.
Aine-chan, we heard you were sick.
Aine-chan, where are you heading?
- Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse - m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395 - Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse - m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395 - Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse
- Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse - m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395 And out of nowhere, a special surprise!
Aine-chan, you're awesome!
Aine-chan, you're extra funny today!
Aine-chan, you're not half-bad!
Aine-chan, you're so cute.
Aine-chan, you're the best!
Aine-chan, your friends are here to see you.
Aine-chan, you rock!
Aine-chan, you were great!
Aine charm Aine charm Thank you!
Aine, check this out.
Aine chose me out of all her countless friends.
Aine, could you make a delivery?
Aine, did you see?
Aine, good morning!
Aine, good work!
Aine had been giving me strength this entire time!
Aine had to make a Premium Rare Dress in just three days.
Aine has a show coming up too, so this will serve as a breather.
Aine has a show coming up too, so this will serve as a breather too.
Aine has been a good influence on her.
Aine has been a good influence on her too.
Aine has been giving me strength this entire time!
Aine has guts, unlike the both of you.
Aine? Hello?
Aine, help me get breakfast ready.
Aine, hurry back inside the tent!
Aine, hurry up inside the tent!
Aine, I came too!
Aine, I do...
Aine, I don't think we're on the path any more.
Aine, I don't think we're on the right path.
- Aine, I don't think you know what paparazzi means.
Aine, I heard that it's cold over in Solvette.
Aine, I heard that it was cold over in Solvette.
Aine, I'm so sorry!
Aine is so cute in her Café Dress.
Aine is the cutest in her Café Dress.
Aine is the only one...
Aine I want to find the one!
Aine, let me handle this.
Aine, let me have a bite.
Aine, let's fight for real!
Aine, let's go together!
Aine, let's have a serious fight!
Aine, let's make a Friends unit.
Aine, let's make something great!
Aine! Let's play!
Aine! Let's play Cop-n-rob!
Aine! Let's play Coprob! Coprob!
Aine, Maika, Ema.
Aine, Mio!
Aine, Mio.
Aine! Mio!
Aine. Mio.
Aine, Mio, are you okay?
Aine, Mio! Be sure to come home with lots of good stories.
Aine, Mio! Be sure to tell us lots of good stories when you get back.
Aine, Mio, this is the moment of truth.
Aine, Mio, this is your moment of truth.
Aine, morn...
Aine, myself, and everyone else finally came to accept Coco-chan's disappearance.
Aine, our goal is to become Diamond Friends!
Aine, pay attention so you can pass it along to Mio.
Aine really must be just that special to me.
Aine, right?
Aine-san.
Aine-san Aine-san Receiving...
Aine-san and Mio-san certainly know some entertaining jokes.
Aine-san, Mio-san.
Aine-san! Mio-san!
Aine-san, Mio-san, will you accept the position?
Aine's a real pro at making friends.
Aine's brother is quite the hunk.
Aine's Halloween Panic!
Aine's Halloween Panic.
Aine, since you became Diamond Friends, all you care about is work!
Aine! So shiny!
Aine's working hard. I need to get my act together too.
Aine, take these.
- AINE Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad
Aine, thank you for making me your Friend.
Aine, that's definitely not cool.
- Aine, that word doesn't mean what you think it means.
- AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District - AINE - This is - Amanogawa Shopping District
Aine told us her plans.
Aine too! She said that meeting Mio-chan and becoming an idol has changed her life.
Aine used to be just like you, Coco-chan.
Aine, wait up!
Aine wanted to jog there so we could Aikatsu on the way, but we ran into a lost old lady along the way.
- Aine wanted to jog there so we could Aikatsu while commuting, - Aine suggested we run there for some light Aikatsu, But along the way we ran into an old lady who lost her way.
Aine was on the general track up until this spring.
Aine was on the normal track up until this spring.
Aine, well done.
Aine went on to be cast in a guest appearance on Love Me Tear's Asuka Mirai-san's popular drama.
Aine went on to make a guest appearance on Love Me Tear's Asuka Mirai-san's popular drama.
Aine! We're about to start recording.
Aine, we're not going to play.
Aine, what about that?
Aine, what's up?
Aine, where's your passport?
Aine will be making a guest appearance.
Aine will create a spectacular Premium Rare Dress.
Aine will honor Pure Palette's obligation, and as for me...
Aine will surely create a spectacular Premium Rare Dress.
Aine will take on Pure Palette's, and as for me...
Aine, will you hold on to this?
- Aine with tomatoes☆ - #doinganevent #pleasecome - Add tags - Add location - Share - Share - Share - Share And sent!
Aine, would you form Friends with me?
Aine, you actually do all that?
Aine, you always arrive at our workplace meetings at the very last second.
Aine, you can't!
Aine, you got some time freed up for you to get everything sorted, right?
Aine, you have that solo live coming up soon.
Aine, you just need to click here, and see? All ready.
Aine, you okay?
Aine, you're always arriving at our workplace meetings at the very last second.
Aine, your efforts have paid off.
Aine, you're going too hard!
Aine, you remember all those details about every single person you meet?
Aine, you still don't know what paparazzi means.
Aine, you were great out there today.
AiSpot!
AiTube...
AiTube Cinderella.
AiTube☆Cinderella AiTube☆Cinderella AiTube☆Cinderella That "Iine-chan" thing was hilarious.
A key that will open a new door for you.
"akiramerarenai" ga aru hazu desho It's time to stop turning back and lift your head furikaeru koto wa nai kao wo agete It's time to stop turning back and lift your head furikaeru koto wa nai kao wo agete I'm here for you, I'll be your star koko ni iru yo I'll be your star
Alicia!
Alicia?
Alicia.
Alicia...
Alicia, are you holding up?
Alicia, are you tired?
Alicia-chan?
Alicia-chan.
Alicia-chan can't cope with the heat.
Alicia-chan, care for a spot of tea?
Alicia-chan is surely waiting for you.
Alicia-chan must be waiting for you.
Alicia-chan, shall we call it here and get washed up?
Alicia-chan, shall we call it here and take a nice bath?
Alicia-chan, would you like to stay with me instead?
Alicia Charlotte.
Alicia Charlotte, for everyone's smiles and happiness.
- Alicia Charlotte Solo concert upcoming! Tickets sold out instantly! Popularity Number 1 In commemoration of Alicia Charlotte's debut, the "Alicia Charlotte Solo Concert Continuing To Be" in Amanogawa Theater began ticket sales. She won last month's idol popularity ranking with ease. She is the first idol in history to return after a long break and instantly top the rankings. In addition, she managed to sell out in tickets for the first solo concert in her life. We will be reporting immediately if any additional tickets go on sale.
Alicia Charlotte's younger brother.
Alicia, congratulations on your radio show.
Alicia had quit Aikatsu once, but now look at her accomplishments as an idol again.
Alicia has rejected every single message I've sent her about getting our Friends back together.
Alicia, Hibiki, and all of us too know full well just how incredible Aine-chan and Mio-chan's frienergy is.
Alicia, Hibiki, and the rest of us can all vouch for just how incredible Aine-chan and Mio-chan's frienergy is.
Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well?
- Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well?
- Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know. - I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know.
Alicia is already performing splendidly on her own. What more could she need?
Alicia is the princess of the Principality of Solvette.
Alicia, I want to be of aid to you.
Alicia, I want to be of help.
Alicia, I want to help you.
Alicia, let's do Aikatsu together again!
Alicia, let's take a quick break.
Alicia, let us walk this path of Aikatsu together!
Alicia, let us walk this path of Aikatsu together as I Believe!
Alicia, no longer will I hesitate.
Alicia, please wait! Let me...
Alicia, please! Won't you form Friends with me once more?
Alicia right now is like a fish in water.
Alicia-sama!
Alicia-sama?
Alicia-sama, I have a report to make.
Alicia-sama is bearing an emotional burden as heavy as our very country.
Alicia-sama is both the pride and treasure of the Principality.
Alicia-sama, please!
Alicia-sama, you were incredible!
Alicia-sama, you were so incredible!
Alicia-san!
Alicia-san?
Alicia-san.
Alicia-san...
Alicia-san, are you not tired?
Alicia-san, are you tired at all?
Alicia-san, bring it on!
Alicia-san, come on in!
Alicia-san gathered her courage and returned to the world of Aikatsu.
Alicia-san has been doing solo activities for about two months now.
Alicia-san has rejoined the world of Aikatsu.
Alicia-san, I'm sorry, but about tomorrow...
Alicia-san is everywhere!
Alicia-san, please introduce it!
Alicia-san, please listen to...
Alicia-san's coming to Japan now for some Aikatsu rehabilitation.
Alicia's orders?
Alicia's orders.
Alicia suspended her Aikatsu and returned to her homeland.
Alicia, thanks for the reply.
- Alicia, thanks for the reply. I'm really glad. - Alicia, thanks for the reply. I'm really glad.
Alicia used to smile like that too.
Alicia was?
Alicia was always beaming with joy upon the stage.
Alicia, we meet at last!
Alicia, why would you do that?
Alicia wishes to restore the smiles of her people in Solvette.
Alicia wishes to return the smiles to everyone in Solvette.
Alicia, you must be tired.
Alien impressions?
A lie or falsehood? Or could it be reality?
A little, I suppose.
A live at a fest?!
All eyes are now on this unprecedented, large-scale operation.
All eyes are now on this unprecedented, large-scale operation Construction has already begun on a test case...
All for Alicia-san.
All four of you have to give matching answers! It's the synchro quiz!
All Friends fans follow the unveiling of Best Friends Rare Dresses intently.
All I can do is believe in her!
All I can recall is that we could only see one another, and then it was over.
- All I do is make you worry.
All I ever do is make you worry.
All I had time to focus on was doing Aikatsu with you!
All I had to do was my own Aikatsu.
All I'm hearing out of you is "but, but", so you're not Kaguya-chan anymore!
- All I recall is that we could only see one another, and then it was over.
All I've been doing...
All I want is to become Diamond Friends with you!
"All I want is your smile." I see, so it was a blizzard.
All I wish for is to illuminate Sakuya-Oneesama.
All I wish is to illuminate Sakuya-Oneesama.
All Karen wants is to master her way of Aikatsu.
All my fans, I'm sorry.
All my friends are saying that Reflect Moon is weird.
All my friends say that Reflect Moon is weird.
- All of it will be streamed on AiTube as well so their fans can watch along.
All of my luggage is pajamas.
All of Reflect Moon's fans waiting excitedly to see them sing would be disappointed!
All of Reflect Moon's fans waiting to see them sing would be disappointed!
All of the brand and dresses included have to fit this theme.
All of the brands and dresses have to fit this theme.
All of the flavors fill my mouth with the fluffiness of the pancakes...
All of the love and care you've shown your friends is what made them come to your rescue this time.
All of the lovely dresses in the world belong to me, Jersey Noire-sama!
All of them?
All of them...
All of the people in the audience left with big smiles.
All of the planned construction locations are overseas, and I must travel to oversee them.
All of these are left shoes...
All of these are props for my shows.
All of these for left feet...
All of us are friends!
All of us Friends had a present exchange, and I received a very special gift from Aine.
All of us made guest appearances on the show Hibiki-san hosts.
All of whom will star in the Diamond Friends Cup.
All of you Friends are honestly amazing.
All of your frienergy has become my power.
All of you, stand down.
All our fans are waiting.
All our friends at school.
all out - sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara It's a new beginning It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu Thank you for waiting, my friends
all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara Sabishii kimochi ureshii
Allow me to demonstrate.
Allow me to demonstrate the results of my spacekatsu.
Allow me to explain.
Allow me to introduce one of today's presenters, Minato Mio-san.
Allow me to introduce tonight's excellent guest.
Allow me to introduce you.
Allow me to introduce you to my adorable friends, Choco-chan, Marron-chan, and Mocha-chan.
Allow me to meet them.
Allow me to take you away to Mirai's Fairyland!
Allow us to be of assistance too.
All right!
All right.
All right! After I become an idol, I'll be better than Onee-chan in no time!
All right! After I become an idol, I'll be Onee-chan in no time!
All right! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
All right, each unit has now entered their machines.
All right, here we go.
All right, I can't bear to sit still any longer!
All right! I'm gonna pump up my Aikatsu even more!
All right, let's draw for the pairs.
All right, let's draw pairs.
All right, let's get some shopping done.
All right, let's head back home then.
All right, let's head out shopping.
All right, let's keep it up!
All right! Let's play until we drop!
All right. Let's start with what you can fix about your dance.
All right, now that the stage is bright and shiny, what do you say we evol ustakia all we want?
All right! Push the escape button, and...
All right, see ya at the studio!
All right, then.
All right, this is perfect.
All right, this is the final scene!
All right! We're playing beach volleyball next.
All right! We've got all the snow in the world, so let's have a snowball fight!
All roads lead to Aikatsu!
All roads lead to Aikatsu.
All Roads Lead To Aikatsu!
All set to go?
All Star Harmony idols decide what brand of dresses they'll use before the concert.
All that's left for today is our concert.
All that's left is for me to bring it to an explosive climax with my song.
All that's left is our concert tonight.
All that's left is to forge our bond in an unforgettable, dramatic way.
All that's left is to put my Melody Diamond Coord on and say my goodbyes to everyone!
All that's left is to wear my Melody Diamond Coord
All that's left now is to set everything up tomorrow morning.
All that's to it is to do it.
All that will remain...
All the emotions of the staff, models, and audience came together as one, - It was a show I'll never forget.
All the Friends competing are pumped up and ready to win.
All the girls are restless.
All the girls are so restless.
All the girls seemed to glimmer after he applied their makeup.
All the Miracle Dress Aikatsu cards have a Miracle Icon on them.
All the more worth facing.
All the new first-years have only just begun in the idol track.
All the people of this country adore Alicia-sama.
All the ribbons make it super cute!
All the roads looked the same on my way to the audition.
All the schools and stores closed?
All the smiles and joy.
All the staff are really into it, and the set pieces are super big.
All the staff are really into it, and the sets are extravagant.
- All the time - itsudemo - All the time - itsudemo - All the time - itsudemo - If you're a girl, with a single spin - onna no ko wa kuru kuru - If you're a girl, with a single spin - onna no ko wa kuru kuru - If you're a girl, with a single spin - onna no ko wa kuru kuru
- All the time - itsumo ne - All the time - itsumo ne - All the time - itsumo ne - You've gotta have fun when dressing up - oshare wo tanoshimou - You've gotta have fun when dressing up - oshare wo tanoshimou - You've gotta have fun when dressing up - oshare wo tanoshimou
All the venues will be small, but that'll allow you to have more intimate interactions with your fans.
All the way from the Fashion Galaxy to this beloved planet!
All the worry I had about doing a Miracle Appeal is gone, and now my heart's thumping and my chest is burning.
All this thinking's got me nervous again.
All this time...
All this time, Alicia-san had been working in place of her father, the king, to support the country.
All we did was give you a little push.
All you really need in life is a good bosom buddy!
All your fans are excited.
All your favorite Friends from this year have gathered here.
Almost there!
alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - hitori nandatte omotte shimattara Hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara
along, striding smoothly through life rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi
A lost item?
A lot of people are going to be involved.
A lot of reasons, kind of.
- A lovely loving idiomatic idea that begins with I - sukitte suteki na I no aikotoba ne - The winds of changing trends turn and turn, it's a ton of fun - fuu ga kawatte gururi gururi tanoshii - The winds of changing trends turn and turn, it's a ton of fun - fuu ga kawatte gururi gururi tanoshii
A Love Me Tear concert?!
Alright!
Alright, I'll leave her in your care.
Alright, next is Cop-n-rob!
Alright, see you later.
Alrighty! Aine-chan, let's get it on!
Alrighty, but don't expect us Onee-sans to hold anything back!
Alrighty, here we go!
Alrighty then, I'll head back after thinking about the design some more.
Alrighty then, let's go home.
Also...
Also, here's the script. Give it a read.
Also, I suppose... I rode horses often.
Also, Karen-san.
Also skiing Sherbet.
Also skiing Sherbet. Also skiing.
Also, thank you for everything today.
Also to our families, our manager Tamaki-san, designer Chiharu-san, and makeup artist Ken-san.
Also, you'll be giving a speech on your experiences at the Diamond Friends Cup with Ema and Maika.
Although...
Although all of your efforts returned smiles to the populace, I received communication from Charles this morning.
Although each of them is appealing in her own way...
Although if they keep pushing it...
Although, if you were to continue your hiatus indefinitely, we would not be troubled in the slightest.
Although I must admit it was unexpected to see another Friends get one hundred percent rivals besides us.
Although I must admit this is rather unique.
Although it has been our pleasure to host Friend Record TV, we are graduating from it as of today.
Although it is one of my fondest memories...
Although It makes me happy...
Although I was not called for, please do allow me to offer a suggestion as your manager.
Although looking back, they've always been one step ahead of us.
- Although looking back, they've always been walking just one step ahead of us this whole time.
Although my primary motivation was to form I Believe with Alicia again, I have another dream now.
Although my primary reason was to form I Believe with Alicia again, I now have another dream.
Although often clumsy, your sincerity and luck blow a gale throughout the entire idol world.
Although Pure Palette was not able to emulate them, they created an unprecedentedly perfect set of Best Friends Rare Dresses.
Although she said Kaguya-san would disappear like ash in the wind, it's more likely that this is to be taken figuratively, rather than literally.
Although she wouldn't say it, I'm certain...
Although the date's still not set...
Although the promise of reunion remained, our days apart kept growing.
Although the promise of reunion remained, our days apart piled up.
Although they weren't sure how to act at first, they were able to connect again once they opened up their hearts.
Although they were so far away at first, One where you can share the stage together as two individual idols.
Although this may be difficult considering you're already in high demand both together and individually...
Although to be honest, I'm a bit nervous as this is my first time on a variety show.
Although unlike Onee-sama, my divinations have never once proven prescient...
- Although you are still not yet aware, reflections in a mirror can't compare - anata ga mada shiranai kagami ni mo utsuranai - Although you are still not yet aware, reflections in a mirror can't compare - anata ga mada shiranai kagami ni mo utsuranai I will open the door to my heart
A magnificent idol, huh.
A Making Up Ceremony?
- Amanogawa City Bird Girl Fest!
- Amanogawa City Bird Girl Fest! - Amanogawa City Bird Girl Fest!
- Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th - Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th - Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th - Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th
- Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th - Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th - Amanogawa City - Bird Girl Fest - September 1st - September 13th Bird Girl...
Amanogawa City's Bird Girl Fest.
A map?
Amazing!
Amazing...
Amazing! As expected of Honey Cat!
Amazing design.
Amazing! Even the inside of school is adult!
Amazing, her first take was accepted.
Amazing... Hibiki-san, even the way you think is different!
Amazing! That's Love Me Tear for you!
Amazing! That was perfect!
ame no you na ryuusei no yoru My hidden desires are sure to come true kitto kono negai wa kanau hazu My hidden desires are sure to come true kitto kono negai wa kanau hazu I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa
A message from Coco-chan?
Am I allowed to do Aikatsu?
A million compared to fifty thousand...
A million kilometers? How many laps around the world is that?
A million kilometers? How many times do you plan to circle the planet?
A million people! A million colors!
A Miracle Aura!
A Miracle Aura...
A miracle we've never seen will soon, soon, soon reach you mita koto mo nai kiseki soon soon soon todoku A miracle we've never seen will soon, soon, soon reach you mita koto mo nai kiseki soon soon soon todoku Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e
Am I... really okay with this?
Am I wrong?
Am not!
A moment.
A moment, Sister! Why do you reject Hibiki-san?
Among all the myriad sweets, how should we advertise the appeal of chocolate mint macarons?
A movie director and Hollywood actor?
An abbreviation of "Manager Tamaki-san's Team".
An accent is like the spice of your coord, the secret ingredient.
An adorable photo they buried as children.
- anata ga mada shiranai kagami ni mo utsuranai - Although you are still not yet aware, reflections in a mirror can't compare Anata ga mada shiranai kagami ni mo utsuranai I will open the door to my heart and let you take a peek inside kokoro no tobira no oku goran ni iremashou
An audition for such a renowned movie...
An audition to be the MC for Love Me Tear's Worldwide Celebration Fest?
And...
And... action!
And after such an emotional scene...
And Aine might already have someone else she goes with.
And Aine might have someone else she goes with.
And all these too!
And all the shaved ice you can make and eat!
And all your fans had bright smiles!
And all your fans were smiling brightly too!
And also about Aikatsu abroad in general.
And also about my sister's Friend, you.
- And also absorbing your bestie's power for me - sore to zuttomo kara no pawafomi - And also absorbing your bestie's power for me - sore to zuttomo kara no pawafomi - When you find yourself in a pinch - pinchi ni natta toki no - When you find yourself in a pinch - pinchi ni natta toki no
And also, take this.
And also, the reaction to you was so large and positive that you have an offer to start your own radio show too.
And also, we're doing this for a friend of ours.
And also, you'll be giving a Diamond Friends Cup retrospective speech with Ema and Maika before it.
And also, your appearance was received so well that you have an offer to start a radio show of your own.
And although she was found safely, she got sick due to the mountain chill and broke out into a high fever.
And another smile appears mata egao ga fueta All of our hard work every single day means that we're allowed to cry now sugoku ganbatta kara koso namida nagashitemo iin da To wipe the palette of our hearts clean kokoro wo massara ni shite So we can paint the next colors
And another smile appears mata egao ga fueta mata egao ga fueta mata egao ga fueta mata egao ga fueta mata egao ga fueta mata egao ga fueta And another smile appears mata egao ga fueta Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces Even if you come to regret it,
And Argentina too!
And as a bonus, we even unearthed some real treasure buried nearby.
And as a designer, I must visit it at least once!
And as for us...
And ask her that while looking into her eyes.
And Asuka Mirai, leader of the Red Team.
And as your officiants...
And at such a major venue?
And at the end of it all, Pure Palette was invited along to meet Alicia-san in the Principality of Solvette.
And at the same time, I want to make sure to keep all of my individuality too.
And be allowed to participate in the Brilliant Friends Cup this fall.
And because I got a spark.
And because of my spark.
And because Shirayuri Kaguya-san came in last, she'll be asked to film a tour of her house as homework for us.
And because Shirayuri Kaguya-san unfortunately came in last, You could've asked Coco-chan too if you wanted.
And become Diamond Friends!
And believe it or not, the producer is...
and be myself!
And be myself!
And besides, aren't you especially sensitive to the heat?
And besides, I'm having fun.
And both of them love doing Aikatsu where they can deliver smiles to lots of people.
And by the end, her feelings got through to Ema-chan.
and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned
and carve your names into legend kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome
And Chiharu-san here is a designer and stylist. She supports us in a variety of ways.
And compared to us...
And cut!
And, done.
And don't forget earmuffs.
And don't forget that we're Pure Palette's fans too.
And don't forget what's still missing from our Best Friends Rare Dress.
And don't go easy on me—you're my senpai in design!
And do the very best Aikatsu you can with your greatest friend!
And each one is a different variety.
And eat together!
And Ema-chan, one year our senior, is always pulling us ahead with a smile.
- And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all
And even if you feel like you're all alone And even if you feel like you're all alone hitori nandatte omotte shimattara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away
And even if you feel like you're all alone hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara And even if you feel like you're all alone hitori nandatte omotte shimattara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara
And even Mirai-san, Karen-san, Hibiki-san, and Alicia-san!
- And even supposing they did, would they be able to save this country?
And everyone is connected And everyone is connected And everyone is connected tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru tsugitsugi tsunagaru And everyone is connected tsugitsugi tsunagaru With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles
And everything's been exciting since then!
And exciting!
And exciting and thrilling!
And feelings have to be put into action!
And filmed each other playing pretend idols.
And finally, the super culturist pioneering the fusion of tea ceremony and pottery...
And fluffy!
And for a cool type, you could rock these!
And for cool-type, you could rock these!
And for our finale, we have one last very special guest!
And for your information, Mio won the audience choice award for new students.
- And gives me another thing to obsess with - And gives me another thing to obsess with Soko ni wa muchuu ga matteiru soko ni wa muchuu ga matteiru Hi! Hi! It's so nice to meet you!
And, go!
And good night!
And gorgeous!
And guess what! She love, love, loves Aine-chan!
And guess what! She simply love, love, loves Aine-chan!
And here I'd decided to start acting like a mature high school student starting today.
And here I just decided to start acting like a mature high school student starting today.
And Hinata Ema! We'll be showing you all the best spots to have fun at DPL!
And how are we supposed to do that?
And how are you going to do that?
And I agree that you're ready to wear that dress.
And I also had a lot of fun!
And I design dresses, as you know.
And if enough people believe in our stories about the moon, we'll be able to go back and forth anytime we want.
And if possible, in the mornings...
And if the same result came out ten times consecutively...
And I get to produce it for her.
And I, Girly Cat, here to protect the fashion of the universe!
And I, Girly Cat, will protect it!
And I'm...
And I'm Asuka Mirai. Together, we are...
And I'm Asuka Mirai. Together, we're...
And I'm Asuka Mirai. We are...
And I'm happy I met Wakaba again too.
And I'm just one girl in it sekai wa sapuraizu! onna no ko nan da mon Everyone and everything in it's a present deaeta subete ga purezento Everyone and everything in it's a present deaeta subete ga purezento Everyone and everything in it's a present deaeta subete ga purezento Cuteness is in every day!
And I'm just one girl in it sekai wa sapuraizu! onna no ko nan da mon The world is a surprise!
And I'm Minato Mio!
And I'm Minato Mio.
And I'm Minato Mio. We are...
And I'm sorry for all the trouble I caused you last time.
And I'm sure our friends in Japan will be happy to help too.
And in fact, I've come with news of your next job.
And in that world, Mika-chan and all of our fans are supporting us, the idols from the moon.
And in the end, you blew up at each other.
And I put those feelings to paper.
And I suppose... I rode horses as well.
And it can't express you too much either.
And I think reading through the script to understand my character's feelings is important too.
And I thought my dream was just as far.
And it's all because of you, Mio-chan.
And it's going to be at such a huge venue?
And it's light! I can hardly feel it on my shoulder, almost like it's weightless.
And it's not just me, right?
And it's not just today either.
And it's not just us.
And it sounds like you weren't able to tell them we got the wrong amount delivered.
And it's ours to design dezain shiyou yo - Both the world and our futures are boundless - sekai mo mirai mo hirokute - Both the world and our futures are boundless - sekai mo mirai mo hirokute - Both the world and our futures are boundless - sekai mo mirai mo hirokute
And it's that part about you that made me want to form Friends.
And it's that part of you that made me want to form Friends.
And it's the same for Ema-chan.
And it was Love Me Tear who led them there.
And it was your idea to enter in the first place, too.
And it won't be just you, me, Ema-chan, and Maika-chan...
And I've already packed some Yuuki veggies from our garden as a gift for Alicia-san.
And I was really looking forward to this, too.
And I will disappear like ash in the wind.
And I will disappear like so much ash.
And just look at how assertively Mio is communicating with them all.
And just one is nowhere near enough hitotsu dake ja tarinai no - Look just check it, check it, I'm already getting dizzy - hora cheki cheki sudeni kura kura - Look just check it, check it, I'm already getting dizzy - hora cheki cheki sudeni kura kura Ah, there's just not enough time
- and just when we were feeling relieved...
And Kaguya-san, the brand's founders are insistent on you being the only person suitable as muse.
And Kaguya-san, the brand's founders insist on you as the only person suitable to be their muse.
And Kamishiro Karen, at your service.
And Karen-san and Mirai-san can do it without breaking a sweat!
And Karen-san making Aikatsu schools around the world is just way too awesome!
And last but not least, here is the unit that will top off this exciting Brilliant Friends Cup.
And last but not least, Pure Palette!
And last but not least, this unit will cap off an exciting Brilliant Friends Cup!
and let you take a peek inside kokoro no tobira no oku goran ni iremashou I will open the door to my heart and let you take a peek inside kokoro no tobira no oku goran ni iremashou On a night like this with a rain of shooting stars ame no you na ryuusei no yoru
And like clockwork, another Friends who'd be this insane shows up.
And look! A love story between an Earthling and Lunarian is just way too romantic!
And look how magnificent the Christmas tree is.
And look! It's a love story between an Earthling and a Lunarian, so romantic!
And Maika-chan, you did great despite that being your first time playing.
And me!
And me, Minato Mio.
And mine is the Spicy Kitty Coord.
And Mio-chan who came out of her way for me.
And more importantly, it's a time capsule full of your precious memories.
And more importantly, we're teammates.
And more than anything, my instincts are screaming that endless sparks await me if I form Friends with Aine.
And my, your dress.
And naturally, the producer is Monsieur Zack Baran!
And neither did I. I worked hard at Aikatsu like my life depended on it, and in the end became Diamond Friends.
And neither did I. I worked on Aikatsu like my life depended on it and wound up becoming Diamond Friends.
And next are your Aikatsu cards.
And nobody has the power to see them.
And no matter where that may lead us, I'll go there with you.
And no mention of Reflect Moon?!
And no one can catch even a glimpse.
And now?
And now, after a long journey, we have at last reached the spot indicated on the map.
And now, after a long journey, we have reached the spot marked on the map at last.
And now I'm hungry from thinking.
And now I need to get going to a meeting, so it'll have to wait until next time.
And now... I want to Aikatsu more!
And now that they've formed Friends, Ema-chan has been getting involved too as a fresh new addition.
And now that very friend of mine is one of Japan's leading top designers.
And now that very friend of mine is one of the most famous top designers in Japan.
And now that we're here, we're not gonna lose.
And now we finally meet.
And now we have some viewer questions for Reflect Moon.
And now we have to cancel last minute...
And now we're each in our Friends, we've made friends with lots of other Friends, and now we're all here.
And now you never will.
And now you're even Diamond Friends.
And of course, that goes for two plus two too.
And one day I'll form Friends with the best partner for me!
And one day I'll form Friends with the best partner for me too!
And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru
And Onee-san...
And only the chosen idols can wear the Jeweling Dresses.
And on top of all that, you're the designer and muse of Material Color!
And on top of all this, I've brought a special surprise guest along as well.
And on top of it, that Miracle Aura...
And on top of that, we completed our Best Friends Rare Dresses.
And our replacements are none other than...
And our two teachers will be Love Me Tear!
And, posted!
And Pure Palette's Making Up Ceremony ended happily ever after.
And, push!
And reach Wakaba-chan.
And remain each other's greatest rival.
And rivals are not to compete against, but to improve with.
And rivals are not to compete with, but to improve with.
- And said the magic words - jumon wo tonaeta - And said the magic words - jumon wo tonaeta - And said the magic words - jumon wo tonaeta - Let's be on our way - ikimashou Let's be on our way ikimashou Let's be on our way ikimashou
And Sakura-san runs it!
And she decided to become Friends with me...
And Shirayuri Kaguya.
And sing in a hot air balloon.
And so is this dress.
And sorry, I know you were closed today.
And so, we have taken a new step forward as Pure Palette.
And so you ran with your tail between your legs?
And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou See you.
And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou White Team Dressing Room What?! Coco-chan's gone?
And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou And still I will continue to shout far off into the distance hariageta kono koe wa tooku naru no deshou Your singing and your dress were simply lovely.
And stop that, it might bite you!
- And stories of our lives would be published in Reflect Moon Legends for all to read.
And thanks for accepting the offer.
And thank you for what you said before as well.
And that completes our game.
And that does it.
And, that includes you as well.
And that'll bring out the best in our dresses!
And that'll bring out the very best of our dresses!
And that may be just the beginning.
And that means returning the smile to Alicia's face too.
And that's all! Awesome work, Alicia-san!
And that's a wrap!
And that's a wrap.
And that's how Friends keep on growing.
And that's how Karen-san became a master of several arts unmatched by anyone!
And that's how Karen-san became a master of several arts who nobody can match!
And that's not all!
And that's running!
And that's supposed to be Mocha-chan?!
And that's what happened.
And that's why we've come up with a new recommendation for Valentine's Day.
- And that's without even mentioning how you're the designer and muse of Material Color!
And that that is what it means to master one's way.
And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone
And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara
And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this
And the broth followed the recipe down to the milliliter.
- And the broth followed the recipe to the milliliter.
- And the broth was mixed according to the recipe without a millimeter of error.
And the ceiling is so high!
And the ceiling is so high up!
And the dresses they wear to do it are called Miracle Dresses.
And the flower and leaf embroidering is cute!
- And the friends supporting me on social media!
And the greatest of rivals.
And the hair and makeup stylist cum lesson coach Ken-san.
And the idol Mirai-san selected to raise at that audition is almost ready for her debut.
And the idol that Mirai-san's been nurturing is almost ready for her debut.
And their Diamond Dresses are truly wonderful.
And their performance was as good as Honey Cat's!
And the last is...
And the last thing is...
And then...
And then after our work, we all got to go camping together.
And then after work, we all got to go camping together.
And then, as if to refute all my effort put forth for the sole purpose of winning, I tasted defeat for the first time in my life.
And then book a seat on the moon rocket.
And then I'll be Friends with Mio-san!
And then I'll definitely become the muse of Dancing Mirage!
And then it became a different dress!
And then she'd disappear from before Sakuya-chan's eyes.
And then she suddenly returned to her homeland...
And then there's booking a seat on the moon rocket.
- And then there's when I teased her for disliking mushrooms.
And then there's when I teased her for disliking shiitake mushrooms.
- And then there's when I teased her over disliking shiitake mushrooms.
And then the witch said...
And then Wakaba-chan and I went up on stage together.
And then we became friends!
And the old granny from next door?
And the ones who taught that to us is you.
And the one who has passed the final selection of the audition is Chouno Maika-san!
And the one who led them there was Love Me Tear.
And the possibility of rejection fills me with fear.
And there's a weight limit on luggage too.
And there they go! All of the Friends have come off the start line together!
- And there we found a surprise! Solvette wasn't just freezing cold, it was in the middle of a crisis!
And these are Aikatsu Cards.
And these are Honey Cat's.
And the slightly rare pants-style dress makes it extra cool.
And the two of them became legends.
And they both love doing Aikatsu where they can deliver smiles to lots of people.
And they say that a lot of them come out at once!
And this...
And this is a list of contact information for alumnae who are active abroad.
And this is one of the Principality's.
And this time, Kaguya-chan might tell you what she really thinks too.
And this time, our tour won't be restrained by national borders!
And this time, our tour won't be stopped by national borders!
And though she was found unharmed, she fell sick from the mountain chill and developed a high fever.
And thus, following the trail of an old map laid to rest within the confines of a bookshelf, we departed on our search for the time capsule.
And thus I opened this box containing our national treasure gems.
And thus, Love Me Tear was born!
And thus, they became legends...
And thus we came to this academy with a proper idol track.
And thus we decided on this academy and its idol program.
And to be honest, it felt a little bit like seeing myself when I was younger.
And to our competitors on stage, Honey Cat and Love Me Tear.
And to think we thought this worldwide tour would be a piece of cake.
And upon that stage, a devastating misfortune will befall Reflect Moon.
And we'd really like if you could both attend...
And we hope you'll support us!
And we just need to go to Italy and Spain too.
And we're clear!
And we're going to do spacekatsu that nobody's ever seen before.
And we're here to show it to you!
And we're not the only ones.
- And we were in for a surprise! Solvette wasn't just freezing cold, it was in the middle of a crisis!
And we were so close...
And what happens when all the little kids start sliding all around?
And what if a little kid slips and falls?
And when I finally learn more about you kimi no koto wo motto shireta toki A brand-new story will begin with you and me atarashii monogatari kimi to hajimaru kara A brand-new story will begin with you and me atarashii monogatari kimi to hajimaru kara If someone out there is
And when I hear all of Aine's friends wishing her well, it gives me the courage to take on the world!
And when the ice melts, all that'll be left are tears.
And when we respond to them, we're filled with unlimited energy, and can unleash our Friends power!
And when we respond to them, we unleash boundless energy in the form of our Friends power!
And when we were clashing over our dresses and lacrosse.
And when you do, I'll be your number one fan!
And within the light that entices our hearts kokoro wo furuwasu hikari no naka And within the light that entices our hearts kokoro wo furuwasu hikari no naka Revolving with each day until we step foot on this blue planet tsukihi meguri tadoritsuita aoi hoshi Revolving with each day until
And with it, we were able to use a Miracle Aura!
And without any pay too.
And without even getting paid for it.
And with that said, our next step as Honey Cat...
- And wonder - suteki These sparkling, shiny, brand-new shoes katta bakari no kono kutsu ga These sparkling, shiny, brand-new shoes katta bakari no kono kutsu ga These sparkling, shiny, brand-new shoes katta bakari no kono kutsu ga Will take us to somewhere we've never been tsuretteittekureru hazu Will take us to somewhere we've never been
And yet, there will be but a single victor.
And yet, there will be only a single victor.
And you?
And you actually forgot about it...
And you are...
And you couldn't get it out that they delivered the wrong amount.
And you got into a fight with your younger sister Michi-chan about Reflect Moon.
And you got into a fight with your younger twin Michi-chan about Reflect Moon.
And you know what? We should tape our trek with the video camera!
And you need to already have it before booking your flight.
And your dress is the Pink Link Coord, with a more active image.
And you're going to make it.
And you're Minato Mio-san.
- And you're the designer and muse of Material Color on top of that!
And you're the ones who taught us that.
- And you're the one who actually did help them even though you realized.
And you too, Aine and Mio.
And you too, Aine, Mio.
And you too, Ema!
And you too, Ema-chan and Maika.
And you too! Thank you for this moment!
And you've been the heroine in a musical yourself.
And you wouldn't believe the smile on her face.
And zero!
An earnest clash, huh.
A neck pillow and an eye mask.
An event at Penguin Café?
A new brand, Sugar Melody.
A new design?! Are you talking about a new Premium Rare Dress for Material Color?
A new horizon expands before us atarashii keshiki wa hirogatta A new horizon expands before us atarashii keshiki wa hirogatta A new horizon expands before us atarashii keshiki wa hirogatta Even if we were to be reborn umarekawatta sono ato mo Even if we were to be reborn umarekawatta sono ato mo
A new recommended menu?
A new relationship...
A new song written by Kaguya-chan...
A new... world?
An extremely dangerous blizzard?
An extremely powerful light is approaching.
An idol, a lacrosse player, and a designer!
An Idol Card?
An idol's job is to give their fans dreams.
An idol you raised from nothing.
An idol you raised from the ground up.
Aniki!
An important charm?
An indefatigable master?
An invitation arrived for you.
Announcing all three at once would make a huge impact.
Announcing all three at once would make a huge splash.
An oath?
An offer came in for me to become a brand muse and make my solo debut?
Another good way to enjoy rice crackers is by dipping them in tea.
Another hard day's work is over.
Answer if you can hear us!
Antivirus Cocos?
Antivirus Cocos...
- An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of
An unpolished brilliance.
An unpolished glimmer.
An unrefined jewel is heading our way!
- An unsatable curiosity, the genesis of creation - sawagu koukishin souzou no jeneshisu - An unsatable curiosity, the genesis of creation - sawagu koukishin souzou no jeneshisu Far more incredible than a mere blue moon sugoi nante tsukinami na kotoba Far more incredible than a mere blue moon sugoi nante tsukinami na kotoba
Any Friends able to reach this location will be allowed a performance, broadcast live across Japan.
Any more complaints?
Anything for a friend!
Anything for I Believe!
Anything Goes On Air Radio!
Anything Goes On-Air Radio!
Anything happen?
Any true Friends are sure to reach us.
Anyway, I don't want to waste another second.
Anyway, I just think that you can't grow unless you try breaking the mold.
Anyway, it's incredible here today!
Anyway, just focus on the one thing you want to convey, and it'll all work out!
Anyway, just pick the one most important thing you want to convey, and it'll all work out!
Anyway, we've got to go see Tamaki-san.
Anyway, we've got to stop by and talk to Tamaki-san. See you later.
Anyway, why did you just say that in public! It was supposed to be our secret!
A one lane bridge?!
A one lane bridge.
A one-lane bridge?!
A one-lane bridge.
A pair of ballet shoes!
A pajama party?
A paparazzi friend?
A Paparazzi Friend?!
A partner I can create a big bang with...
A passport is the most important type of identification you can carry while overseas.
A penguin?
A perfectly synchronized...
A performance?
A performance is like a meal you taste with your heart.
A personality test?
A person's emotions are like the dark side of the moon.
A pleasure to see you again.
Apparently, it is wearing frilly dresses while singing and dancing in front of an audience.
Apparently Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan are playing tag.
Apparently there are going to be eight of them total.
Apparently this used to be the biggest show sponsored by the academy.
Appeal way more amazing than usual?
Applications are open for aspiring Bird Girls.
A prank-loving fairy?
A Premium Rare Dress...
A Premium Rare Dress has to be special.
A Premium Rare Dress in three days?
A punch packs way more power!
A Pure Palette Best Friends Rare Dress that's as good as theirs!
A quadruplet...
Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord I'm Coco!
A rabbit?
A rabbit carriage?!
A real ghost helped me!
A real princess...
are burnt-out ashes." Does that mean...
Are burnt-out ashes." So that explains your actions, Onee-sama.
are just the tip of the iceberg?
A relief?
Aren't there famous idols who attend your school, Aine?
Aren't they great?
Aren't they the best ones here?
Aren't you fine meeting new people?
Aren't you still refusing all the Friend offers you receive?
Aren't you supposed to be at the Idol Spring Fest today?
Are only one small part?
A reporter... So you really are paparazzi!
A reporting job?
Are princesses of the moon!
Are there none left?
Are these chocolate mint macarons.
Are these for Reflect Moon?
Are these... lyrics?
Are the two of you friends?
Are they all Aine's fans?
Are they going to join as I Believe?
Are they going to participate as I Believe?
Are those...
A reward?
Are we allowed to jump in like this?
Are we already there?
Are we clear?
Are we really inside Coco's world?
Are you absolutely certain?
Are you all ready for this? It's the Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special!
Are you all right?
Are you all right? You must be exhausted from your lacrosse practice yesterday.
Are you all right? You must still be exhausted from your lacrosse practice yesterday.
- Are you all set?
Are you also a new student?
Are you chasing after an endless dream?
Are you crying?
Are you doing Aikatsu in order to defeat someone?
Are you driving straight into the cream?
Are you Earth idols?
Are you fine with that, Ema?
Are you free to speak?
Are you good with a dance lesson?
Are you good with a dance lesson.
Are you here for a visit?
Are you here for the audition too?
Are you here to visit the school?
Are you just going to take it?
Are you just going to take that?
Are you Minato-san?
Are you nervous?
Are you okay?
Are you okay, Kaguya-chan?
Are you on your own today?
- Are you Pop?
Are you Pop?
- Are you Pop? - Are you Pop?
- Are you prepared?
Are you prepared?
Are you quite finished?
Are you ready?
Are you ready for Pure Palette?
Are you ready to have your blood be boiled?
Are you ready to have your blood boiled?
Are you ready to rock?
Are you ready to roll?
Are you really?
Are you really sure about this?
Are you saying that children weren't able to get any?
Are you saying that even children weren't able to get any?
Are you saying that Kagami-kun actually came here in search of Ken-san?
Are you scared?
Are you scared? But don't you also want to take a peek?
Are you serious? Sending aid to an enemy?
Are you serious? Thank you so much!
Are you serious? That's the same as giving a boon to your enemy.
Are you Sexy?
- Are you Sexy? - Are you Pop?
- Are you Sexy? - Are you Sexy?
- Are you Sexy? - Are you Sexy? - Are you Sexy? - Are you Pop?
Are you studying Hibiki-chan?
Are you sure?
Are you sure about accepting her request so easily?
Are you sure about this?
Are you sure? It's a once-in-a-lifetime chance!
Are you sure it's not some other girl with the same name and face?
Are you sure this is the right way, Aine?
Are you sure we can accept her request so easily?
Are you sure? You're basically giving a boon to your enemy.
Are you sure? You want to send aid to your enemy?
Are you taking this seriously enough?
Are you talking about Wakaba?
Are you thinking about being an idol, Kagami-kun?
Are you tired from suddenly throwing yourself back into Aikatsu?
Are you tuckered out from all the preparations?
Are you watching a movie?
A ridiculous video...
arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony
arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony
A rock?
- Arrival - Arrival - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Arrival - Arrival - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start Aw, man.
Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord I'm Coco!
arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu Filling up my album with brand-new Friends arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows
aru hi no yoru tsukiakari ni sasoware fukai mori no naka And then a certain night, entranced by the moonlight, she was led deep into the forest aru hi no yoru tsukiakari ni sasoware fukai mori no naka Looking up to the skies, there stood a noble guise, a prince all for herself
Arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou arukidasou So let's set off!
Arukidasou arukidasou It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai
Arukidasou arukidasou So let's set off!
Arukidasou It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always
Arukidasou It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa It's the same reassuring morning as always itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning"
Arukidasou itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai Hearing Mom's "good morning"
arukidasu arata na sekai e We can walk forward to a new world arukidasu arata na sekai e This moment is precious ima ga taisetsu de This moment is precious ima ga taisetsu de All I want to do is tell you hitasura tsutaete All I want to do is tell you
As always, one local girl will be elected to become the Bird Girl and fly for the city's peace and happiness.
As always, your divination was on point.
As am I.
As an Aikatsu artist, I constantly seek to push the boundaries of what others consider Aikatsu.
As an idol, a lacrosse player, and a designer!
As an idol, a lacrosse player, and a designer... You can do it!
As a prelude to the Diamond Friends Cup this winter, the greatest Friends from around the country have gathered here to pit their skills against each other!
As a prelude to the Diamond Friends Cup this winter, the greatest Friends in Japan have gather to compete.
As a result, Kaguya-san will be forced to quit as an idol, Are you serious?!
As a result, Kaguya-san will be forced to stop being an idol, disappearing from Sakuya-san's side, or so I presume.
As a result, Mika-chan and Michi-chan fell even further in love with Reflect Moon.
- As a result, one of the shows they were scheduled to record in Japan may end up having to be cancelled.
As a result, they won't be available to record a previously scheduled show here in Japan.
- As a result, they won't be available to record a previously schedule show here in Japan.
As a result, we were able to make a miracle.
As a reward, I found you a different job.
As a reward, I found you a different job. It's happening on the same day as the final selection.
A scale as vast as the earth.
As Diamond Friends, there may be some things we need to change, but there are also things we can't ever lose.
As expected! That's so modern!
As expected! That's so trendy!
As far as I know, they haven't cast her yet.
As for me, Mio wrote a new Pure Palette song by herself!
A shinique present?
ashita wa mada mada michisuu kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu Today is the future of yesterday,
A shooting star?
A show?
As I am now, I'm nowhere near close to your skills.
As I expected.
As if!
As if that's possible.
A simple task for one born on the moon such as I.
As impressive as always! Another one of your divinations came true!
As I was doing my Aikatsu, I made another new friend.
As I was in turmoil over our Best Friends Rare Dresses, Aine took me to a certain place.
Ask Coco for the details.
- A skeleton ribbon, spray on eyeball cologne - gaikotsu ribon medama no koron - A skeleton ribbon, spray on eyeball cologne - gaikotsu ribon medama no koron Bread with cinnamon full of stuffing pan wa shinamon ippai da mon Bread with cinnamon full of stuffing pan wa shinamon ippai da mon
Ask me anything you want!
Ask me for?
As long as the pranks are fun for our fans, bring it on!
As long as the pranks are fun for our fans, then bring it on!
As long as there is evil in the world, the Idol Witch will save the day!
As long as there is evil in this world, I will protect the peace of idols everywhere!
As long as we can find that!
As long as we keep them in our hearts, nothing can stop us!
As long as you keep the power you showed during today's stage, you'll definitely be able to make Alicia-san look at you!
As long as your parents are all right with it, would you like to spend the night?
As long as you understand.
A slur.
A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi
A smile comes naturally just by watching.
A smile's always the key to a new wonderful encounter itsumo egao wa suteki na deai wo kureru kara A smile's always the key to a new wonderful encounter itsumo egao wa suteki na deai wo kureru kara So never forget your smile! That's the only thing that you need
As my disciple, can I expect you to stop by when you can and help out?
As my disciple, can I expect you to stop by when you can to observe my work?
As of now, Aikatsu is banned from the Principality of Solvette!
As of this moment, I offer my life and soul entirely to the people of Solvette.
As of this moment, you are officially the second-ever Spacekatsu idol!
As of this spring, we've entered Star Harmony Academy's high school.
A solo live for me?!
- A song of love - ai no uta La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love
A spark?
A spark of cool!
A spark of inspiration!
A Spark of Inspiration A Spark of Inspiration A Spark of Inspiration Penguin Cafe Squee!
As participants at the Brilliant Friends Cup this fall.
As part of the show, we went and filmed a tour of their house, where we stumbled upon an old map.
A special guest?! Why wasn't I told?!
A spell?
A spoon, a spoon!
As Pure Palette!
As Pure Palette, we will create a big bang that will blow away your expectations for "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon"!
As Pure Palette, we will create a big bang that will blow you away for "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon"!
As Queen Squeen-san said, it's about time for us to start forming Friends.
As soon as he got the news, he sent our urgent requests for idols to act as their stand-ins, but, well...
As soon as he got the news, he sent out urgent requests for idols to fill in, but well...
As such, I propose we practice our Friends Appeal starting today.
Assuming your parents allow it, would you like to spend the night?
As summer comes to an end, at the Principality of Solvette, I will be hosting a collaboration between all Friends with Jeweling Dresses, the Jeweling Festival!
- As summer comes to an end, the Principality of Solvette will host - At the upcoming end of summer, in the Principality of Solvette, - The Jeweling Festival, a collaboration between all Friends with Jeweling Dresses!
A stage?
As the park's executive manager, I'm as happy as could be.
As the sole daughter of the Kamishiro family, Karen-san was enrolled in education for the gifted immediately.
As they say, Onee-sama, nothing ventured, nothing gained!
A story of how miracles can surpass even the strongest of idols.
A strong greeting is an idol's foundation, so keep it up.
A strong greeting is an idol's foundation, so keep up that spirit.
A strong rival to activate it?
Asuka Mirai Asuka Mirai Yes?
Asuka Mirai-san!
Asuka Mirai-san will be performing.
Asuka Mirai with Identity!
A surprise?
A surprise?!
A surprise? Is it really?
A surprise party?
A surprising amount.
A survival test?!
As usual, I cannot see a thing.
As was I.
As was I. The timing of my jump was 0.16 seconds late.
As well as what's missing from our Best Friends Rare Dress.
As well of each of their Miracle Appeals, befitting their coords.
As were the accessories and ribbon on the breast subtle expressing femininity.
As we were born on the moon, the only foods we eat are these moon dumplings provided by our rabbit.
As you can see, despite having the same task of watermelon splitting, each Friends does it differently.
As you can see, despite the same task of watermelon splitting, each Friends has a different method.
As you can see, Ema hides a huge amount of power inside her small body.
- As you can see, - Meeting In Progress As Aine-chan's popularity has risen, Yuuki Aine Popularity Chart so has the number of Pure Palette fans.
As you can see, we're doing a lot of fun Aikatsu with the others.
As you Coco...
As you Cocom...
As you Cocomand!
As you Cocommand!
As you Cocommand.
As your biggest future rival, I've got a special cheer for you!
As your future rival, I've got a special cheer for you!
As your manager, I don't think it would be a bad idea for you to focus exclusively on modeling.
As your manager, I don't think it would be a bad idea to narrow your focus to only modeling.
As your Onee-san, I want to know every little thing about my darling little sisters.
As your partner, I'll help you advertise.
As your partner, I'll help you advertise for it too.
As you should already know, the Star Harmony Cup is a tournament held here every summer in which Friends compete.
As you wish!
As you wish.
At 1 PM, we will be holding a mini-live concert at the special stage.
at all.
At all costs.
atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends
Atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru
atarashii monogatari kimi to hajimaru kara A brand-new story will begin with you and me atarashii monogatari kimi to hajimaru kara - Let's sing - utaou - Let's sing - utaou - Let's sing - utaou - Let's sing - utaou - Let's sing - utaou - Let's sing - utaou
At first, I met resistance because it would be too hard to prepare, and there was no guarantee of success.
A theme?
A theme for the dress?
A thief?!
A thousand days may pass, ten thousand shooting stars may fall...
A Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island was one heck of a fun idea.
A time capsule?!
A time limit?!
At last, a Friends that can aim for the same heights as us.
At last, a Friends we can climb alongside.
At last, it's complete.
At last, the start signal has begun!
At least allow me to apologize for tricking you. I'm sorry.
At least call it a food report exam...
At least there's plenty of cream.
At long last, I feel as though I've found out what it is I can do for Alicia.
At Milky Joker's shop.
At most, only one pair can end up with that spot in the Diamond Friends Cup.
- A tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich!
At once.
At one of Sakuya-san's concerts, she suddenly announced she was forming Friends with Kaguya-san.
At present, two Friends units have been confirmed.
At present, two Friend units have been confirmed.
A tree toad loved a she-toad, who lived up in a tree.
A trigger?
A true idol, huh.
At some point, I became this figure that they put up on a pedestal.
- At some point, I became this mythical figure for them.
At Star Harmony Academy's open campus, Wakaba-chan reunited with her childhood friend, Kozue-san.
At Star Harmony Academy's open campus, we met the girls of Baby Pirates, plus Suzuka-chan and Kagami-kun.
At Star Harmony's debut concert, idols decide what brand of dresses they'll use.
atsumatteku And fill us to the brim atsumatteku Don't hide and cower all on your own hitori de uzukumattari shinai Don't hide and cower all on your own hitori de uzukumattari shinai for so long as we look different ways betsubetsu no shisen dakara for so long as we look different ways
atsumatteku And fill us to the brim atsumatteku Don't hide and cower all on your own hitori de uzukumattari shinai Don't hide and cower all on your own hitori de uzukumattari shinai - for so long as we look different ways - betsubetsu no shisen dakara - For so long as we look different ways - betsubetsu no shisen dakara
Attack!
Atta girl.
Attention please!
At that Diamond Friends Cup, moments before our turn on stage...
At the Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix, I promise that we will win.
- At the end, I brought it all together with a performance breaking way past my limits for a climactic finish.
At the end of one of Sakuya-san's concerts, she suddenly announced she was forming Friends with Kaguya-san.
At the same time, it'd be a waste to make every day the same.
At the same time, I want to keep what makes me different.
At the same time, I was overcome with the desire to make my own performances even more splendid than ever.
At the time, I was confident I could even surpass Love Me Tear.
At the time, I was too young to be of use.
At the time, I was yet young.
At the time, nobody could have imagined it.
At the very least...
At the very least, please let me know if there's some manner of lucky item we can use to reverse fortune!
At the very least, please tell us if there's some manner of lucky item we can use to reverse the fortune!
At the very least, you couldn't call someone who holds you back your Friend.
At the very least, you couldn't call someone who hold you back your Friend.
At this hour of the morning?
At this rate...
At this rate, if they catch you too, you might never be able to return to your world!
At this rate, Karen Island will be burnt to a crisp!
At this rate, Schwarz Imperial Space Battleship is going to overrun us.
At this rate, the Schwarz Imperial Space Battleship is going to overrun us.
At this rate, the Schwarz Imperial Space Battleship will overrun us.
At times ice, droplets, a mirror, or blade.
At times ice, droplets, mirror, or blade.
At times like that, I recommend immersing yourself in an elegant atmosphere before bed.
At times like these...
At times like these, Maika would never let it go, and we'd end up in an argument.
At times like this, we should rely on the moon's guidance.
At your Cocommand!
- Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full
- Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition Gosh, I can't handle this!
- Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room Kazami Kanata-san.
- Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon
- Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room The Pure Palette pair, and Shirayuri Sakuya-san.
Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only
Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only This room is suspicious!
Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Everyone, please go on standby.
Authorized Personnel Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only Authorized Personnal Only
Authorized Personnel Only I'm worried about Coco-chan.
Autograph!
Averting your eyes from reality is unlike you, Sister!
A very adorable photo they buried as children.
A very special place.
A video that gets more views...
A video to get more views...
Aw!
A wasp?!
A water bus?
Awesome!
Awesome, awesome!
- Awesome, awesome! Possible? Totally! - Saiko saiko ariyori no ari!
Awesome! In that case...
Awesome job!
Awesome! Wakaba, you have to be Friends with me someday!
Aw... Fine, then!
A whole year?!
A witch?
Aw, man...
Aw, man! I wish we could've gone to Solvette with you too.
Aw, man! Making a Best Friends Rare Dress is way too hard!
Aw man! We should've gone to Solvette with you too.
A wood-carved bear from Hokkaido and shisa from Okinawa?
A world of snow is one huge palette!
A world we've never seen before is still, still, still waiting there mita koto mo nai sekai ga still still still matteru A world we've never seen before is still, still, still waiting there mita koto mo nai sekai ga still still still matteru Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance
A worthy opponent.
Aww!
Aww, you really think so?
Aw, you figured it out already?
A zero gravity room.
B2.
Baby Pirates!
Baby Pirates had Cinderella, and Double Hibiscus had Sleeping Beauty.
Baby Pirates has flown off the track!
Baby Pirates hasn't arrived yet.
Baby Pirates have flown off the track and out of the course!
Baby Pirates still isn't here.
Back at our very first Diamond Friends Cup...
Back then, even the very thought of you filled me with resentment.
Back then, I wasn't that good at making friends.
Back then, we were still just strangers.
back to doing solo activities... - Wh-wai-are you kidding me - No way... when are they getting back together? - They're not breaking up, right?!
Back to "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon", it's an adaptation of a world-famous sci-fi novel.
Back when I was on my own, I had my fair share of tough times.
Back when we did Aikatsu together...
Back when we put Pure Palette on break...
Back when we were still Friends...
Bad!
Bad girl. You're only allowed one dessert a day.
- Barbecue with everyone ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious We haven't had a barbecue since that last time.
Basically...
Basically, we want to make the theme of the commercial into "A bag you'll want to take into space!" Space...
- Basically, you're telling us to seek help from your own Aikatsu, aren't you?
Basilico spaghetti loaded with basil"?
Bathed in moonlight, the dress's embroidery shines lustrously.
B-B-Believe it or not, you'll come out the other side of the earth!
B-Before my show, could you help me with my lessons?
B-But...
B-But Alicia-sama said she doesn't want to do Aikatsu.
B-But I need that scoop!
B-But it's not like they've announced it or anything.
B-But Princess, these people are attempting to perform the Aikatsu you so despise.
B-But there weren't this many people on the moon...
"B-Butya-chan"?
Beachkatsu with everyone!!
Beach volleyball and barbecue!
Be aware from your head to your toes while dancing!
Be aware of everything from your head to your toes.
Be aware of the time difference!
Be back soon!
Be brilliant, my color.
Be Brilliant! My Color!
Be careful!
Be careful.
Be careful of the cords on the ground.
Be careful on your way home.
Because!
Because between you and Hibiki, I Believe is both a friend to us and a rival we can improve alonside.
Because Honey Cat reached the stage, your trials have been leveled up!
Because idols who are just starting out don't get many opportunities on TV or in magazines, AiTube which allows you to freely upload whatever you want becomes a powerful weapon.
Because I heard that you are Friends who possess frienergy.
Because I knew that we'd have guaranteed success with the help of Honey Cat!
Because I... said the facts?
Because it's her first time, she has an unpolished brilliance, unbound by convention.
Because it's summer vacation, we allow potential applicants to come tour around Star Harmony Academy.
Because I wanted to meet you.
Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself
Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara Because I want to be true to myself itsudemo rashiku aritai Down until the end, down until the end of the runway dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh
Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara Because I want to be true to myself itsudemo rashiku aritai Because I want to be true to myself
Because now... I want to Aikatsu more!
Because of the blizzard...
Because of their Love Me Zone, they were able to surpass their limits.
Because Pure Palette was there for us, we were able to grow stronger.
Because she had the goal of reforming Friends with you, she traveled to every corner of the world, performing all the Aikatsu one could conceive of.
Because she is my inspiration...
Because she is my precious friend...
Because there's zero gravity, your entire body floats!
Because they are top idols who have complete and unconditional trust in one another, when Kamishiro Karen-san and Asuka Mirai-san come together, - 15 minutes until showtime! - #almostshowtime #quickbreather - Add tags - Add location - Share - Share - Share - Share One plus one doesn't equal two, it reaches infinity!
Because this...
Because we're...
Because we're friends, our feelings are exactly the same.
Because we're the moon princesses, we rode on a rabbit-drawn carriage to Earth to teach everyone more about the moon!
Because we want to become idols who can spread our Aikatsu around the world.
Because you found it with me...
Become Friends with me!
Becoming Diamond Friends is a dream beyond a dream!
Becoming Diamond Friends is no more than a pipe dream without incredible dresses.
Becoming obsessed with victory and defeat will cause you to lose sight of your true goals.
Be courageous and say hello!
Be decisive and speedy in all you do.
Before Aine-chan became an idol, she made waves by performing together with Minato Mio-chan.
Before all the populace has frozen over...
Before becoming an amazing idol, you've got to understand what an idol's job entails first.
Before becoming an amazing idol, you've got to understand what the role of an idol is.
Before feeling lonely, there's still a ton of things I need to accomplish.
Before I became Friends with Mirai, I am sure I could not have conceived of this.
- Before I knew it, I ended up on top of this huge pedestal to them.
Before I realized it, my dress had...
Before I realized it, my dress had already...
Before that happens, you all have to go back!
Before that, Penne would never say anything to make us sad. Something's strange.
Before we begin, there is something I would like to say.
Before we start, I'd like to introduce the director of the commercial.
Before you apologize, you've gotta get out all the gripes you've been holding back on.
Before you go up on stage, this is where you'll dress up.
Be free, brilliance of flame!
Be free, brilliance of flame.
Be free, sparks of flame.
Begin!
Begin the Diamond Friends Cup.
Begone.
Be happy because you're smiling.
Be happy because you're smiling...
Behold!
Behold Honey Cat's new dress and performance!
Behold the ghost's true form!
Behold the shoulder line.
Behold! This will be the location of your once-in-a-lifetime debut!
Being able to do Aikatsu with idols from around the country made me realize that there are still lots of amazing idols I've never heard of before.
Being able to make someone happy is a vital part of Aikatsu.
Being able to master every single one means she's basically a god.
Being able to spend Christmas with you...
Being alone is better.
Being alone is way better!
Being a movie director!
Being busy goes to show how much their fans love them, and is a good thing on its own, You've been working yourself to the bone since before going to Solvette.
Being busy is a reflection of how much their fans love them, which is of course a good thing, but I figured the girls needed some time on their own too.
Being Diamond Friends in those dresses is more than just a dream!
Being Friends, knowing you're not alone, is nice.
Being Friends, knowing you're not alone, it's nice.
being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on
being honest to my heart itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself Because I want to be true to myself
being honest to my heart itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara
Being idols from the moon is just way too cunique!
Being mature or childish has nothing to do with it.
Being modest and refined.
Being motivated, feeling healed, made to contemplate.
Being motivated, feeling soothed, made to contemplate.
Being on the other side of makeup will be a good lesson.
Being stuck inside all the time would make anyone lethargic.
Being surrounded by nature is a great way to deepen a friendship!
Being unable to stop Kaguya-chan at that time would soon become my greatest regret.
- Being unique's the best, pushing the border of our time - chigatte iinda zenbu zendai mimon - Being unique's the best, pushing the border of our time - chigatte iinda zenbu zendai mimon - So I will be here spinning, spinning, and always "me" - dakara mawatte kururi kururi "watashi"
- Being unique's the best, pushing the border of our time - chigatte iinda zenbu zendai mimon - So I will be here spinning, spinning, and always "me" - dakara mawatte kururi kururi "watashi" - So I will be here spinning, spinning, and always "me" - dakara mawatte kururi kururi "watashi"
be in the show!
Believe, and you will surely find happiness.
Believe in yourselves.
Believe it!
Believe it or not, DPL...
Believe it or not, our Bird Girl this year is Chouno Maika-san!
Believe it or not, what we dug up was actually a pile of historic treasures.
Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on
Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto
Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on being honest to my heart Because I want to keep on
Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto
Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know
Be more specific Be more specific "Be more specific"?
Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific Be more specific
Be more specific Be more specific Um, then...
Beneath my fingertips a prediction emits tomatta yubi ga yochi suru no wa Beneath my fingertips a prediction emits tomatta yubi ga yochi suru no wa A lie or falsehood? Or could it be reality?
Beneath the countless twinkling pinpricks of light, you can sing and dance anywhere your heart desires.
Be on your guard.
Be prepared for a penalty if you accidentally say Aikatsu.
Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend
Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo
Besides...
Besides, if she can't make up for what she's missing, we'll never surpass Honey Cat.
Besides that...
Besides, there's no way ghosts would come out on such a bright and sunny spring day.
Besides, there's no way ghosts would come out on such a bring and sunny spring day.
Besides, this concert is a sort of reward for you.
Besides, we had a lot of fun singing with you too.
Besides, we need to do something that only we can.
- Be specific - I could eat this forever!
Best Friends... and the diamond of the Friends sphere?
- Best Friends Cup Application Area - Best Friends Cup Application Area Best Friends Cup Application Area Please line up over here if you would like to enter the Best Friends Cup.
- Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup
- Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup
- Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup Hello, everyone! I'm Coco!
- Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup - Best Friends Cup I hope I can keep it together.
Best of luck to you.
Best of the Restaurant!
Be sure to keep an eye out for any upcoming events.
Be sure to prepare yourselves.
Be sure to use your down time effectively too.
- Be sure to visit us!
betsubetsu no shisen dakara We won't let even the smallest chance pass either of us by wazuka na chansu sae mo minogasanai yo We won't let even the smallest chance pass either of us by wazuka na chansu sae mo minogasanai yo The inside of your head is probably filled
Better pay attention to who gets one!
Better than this?
bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun With a million sparking smiles bibitto egao hyakumanninbun - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life
Big bang...
Big bang... expand...
Big news!
Big news! Big news!
Big news, Mio-chan!
Big trouble! Baby Pirates just finished their performance, so the trials leveled up again!
Big trouble! Because Baby Pirates had their performance, the trials leveled up again!
Bingo!
Bird Girl Fest!
- Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri
- Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - Utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can
Bizarre?
Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord I'm Coco!
Blaze your soul with passion.
Block A's representative in the finals is Pure Palette!
Blocking the path is a wall of hardest gem.
Blocking the path is a wall of the hardest gem.
Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord I'm Coco!
Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord I'm Coco!
Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord I'm Coco!
Blown away by the gap in our idol skills, I closed myself off to focus on lessons, even telling all my friends that I needed some space for myself.
Blown away by the gap in our idol skills, I shut out everything other than lessons.
- BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito
Bonjour!
Bonjour.
Bonsoir, ladies and gentlemen.
Bon voyage!
Born from the intense clash between my and Ema's personalities!
Both are in progress!
Both are quite so wonderful I would have a difficult time picking a favorite.
Both at the same time!
Both camp and lessons...
Both Friends lit up the stage with their songs.
Both Honey Cat and Pure Palette.
Both Mio-chan and Mirai-san are supposed to be...
Both Mirai and myself traveled all the way here to assist you and Alicia-chan.
Both of our units earned a spot in the Diamond Friends Cup.
Both of them are super lively.
Both of them need to overcome it.
Both of them want to keep the other's characteristics.
Both of the units under her supervision did well in the Diamond Friends Cup, I know, it's so pretty! My heart's pounding already.
Both of us?
Both of you deserve a rest after all that.
- Both their dresses and appeal were perfect.
Both the stage and the smiles.
- Both you and I, and every idol out there, began their Aikatsu imitating someone they admire.
Both you and your dress were brilliant.
Both you and your dress were really radiant.
Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord I'm Coco!
Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord - Bouquet de Fleurs Coord - Bouquet de Fleurs Coord The Bouquet de Fleurs Coord!
Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord - Bouquet de Fleurs Coord - Bouquet de Fleurs Coord It's the Bouquet de Fleurs Coord.
Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord There's no way any idol could possibly mistake Karen-san's...
Bouquet delivery for you.
Boxing sure is interesting.
Boys may not be able to enroll, but they're allowed to come and visit.
- Boys will profess their love through chocolate mint macarons!
Brave melody.
Brave Melody ♪ Brave Melody ♪ Brave Melody ♪ A Premium Rare Dress?
Bravo!
Bravo! Excellent!
Bravo! I've never had such a good celebration!
Bravo, Karen!
Bravo, Mirai!
Bravo! That was magnificent, Karen!
Bravo! What a heated celebration!
Bravo, White Team!
- Breakfast! Breakfast!
Breakfast's ready, Kaguya-chan.
breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago Yuuki Aine Official Channel Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin Views 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding
breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago
breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago Yuuki Aine Official Channel Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin Views 2 days ago
"Brighter than all the beams of light from a full moon collected together, a radiance bursts forth as if giving birth to a new sky." It dictates that the two of you will create a big bang.
brighter when we polish each other hitori yori haeru no wa otagaisama ne The inside of your head is probably filled kimi no atama no naka wa kitto The inside of your head is probably filled kimi no atama no naka wa kitto with totally different things than mine watashi to wa chigau kara
Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord I'm Coco!
- Brilliant Friends Cup Afterparty - Brilliant Friends Cup Afterparty Squee!
Brilliant Friends Cup Brilliant Friends Cup Brilliant Friends Cup Brilliant Friends Cup This is the Brilliant Friends Cup!
Brilliant Friends Cup Brilliant Friends Cup Brilliant Friends Cup Tell me about Reflect Moon.
Brilliant Friends Cup Participation!
Brilliant Friends Cup Victory!
Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord I'm Coco!
Bring it all on!
Bring it henceforth!
Bring it henceward!
Bring it hither.
Bring it on!
Bring it on.
Bring it on, Ken-san!
Bring on...
Bring on the Idol Activities!
Bring these with you.
Budgeting.
Buenos dias!
Building schools and holding auditions is truly inspiring work.
Build up enough energy that we don't get blown away the instant we face Love Me Tear.
Bungee!
Bungee is over in a second, but not this...
Bungee is over in a second, but this...
Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord I'm Coco!
- Buried Treasure Found! - Buried Treasure Found! - Discovery of the Century - Discovery of the Century - Sealed memories from ancient eras - Sealed memories from ancient eras - Buried Treasure Found! - Buried Treasure Found! - Discovery of the Century - Discovery of the Century - Sealed memories from ancient eras - Sealed memories from ancient eras
Burn a fragrance, light some candles, and lose yourself in the world of a good novel.
Burning hot is far more refreshing and reinvigorating!
Burn this sight into your eyes and hearts!
Bursting...
Bustling little shops decorated with wood grain tiles fuzoroi mokume tairu nigiyaka ni naranda shop There's a cute open-air café I just stumbled upon saikin mitsuketa suteki oopun cafe Captivating colors, popular sayings, and changing trends ki ni naru color hayari no phrase kawatteku trend If only our fun girls
But!
But?
But...
But actually, I was really close!
But actually, the entire reason I was able to MC today was because of a certain idol...
- But after Maika-chan flew the skies at one of her beloved fests, Noa-san gave her approval.
But after she flew the skies at one of her beloved fests, Noa-san gave Maika-chan her approval.
But after that incident, she sealed off the Love Me Zone.
But Aine, this is your chance.
But Alicia-sama said she didn't want to do Aikatsu...
But all of these people came here to meet Sugar.
But all that filled her heart was the desire to spend Christmas with Mirai-san.
- But all the signs point forward! - Mayowazu susume!
But anyway, I'm glad we can see you again.
But as I grew as an idol in Pure Palette, our relationship slowly changed.
But as I grew as an idol in Pure Palette, our relationship started to change.
But as it so happened, lessons for the tour conflicted with the lacrosse team's camp.
But as it stands, you have yet to meet her in person and ask her while looking into her eyes.
But as their friends, I'm glad their unit is getting the attention they deserve.
But as you can see, she's learned how to do a Special Appeal by working at it bit by bit, slow and steady.
But at least for today, ready, and...
But at the same time, you've lost what makes you unique.
But back in elementary school, you won far more than I.
- But backstage behind all the flashy lights and sounds, an unbelievable incident was underway.
- But back then, we were strangers.
But back when I first opened the Penguin Café, I had to overcome a lot of hardship to...
But before that, come on and show us your Diamond Dresses!
But before we take you home, there's a little surprise we've prepared as a reward for your efforts.
- But behind the grandeur of the stage, we had big problem.
But being a little overblown is just right for us.
But... but!
But by proving that we could finish the perilous Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix, she gave us her approval.
But by proving that we could make it to the very end of the harsh Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix, she gave us her approval.
But compared to other sweets, macarons kind of stand out.
But considering that the jewels choose their idols, if it's gone and disappeared...
But did you really have to call us just to say that?
But don't forget—You are not alone.
But don't fret!
But don't mind if I do.
But don't you get worried?
But Ema-chan is doing a great job, despite it being her first time.
But... even after all that, I still wasn't fulfilled.
But even I can't compare to your alien impressions.
But even next to the fire, it's cold.
But even Snowdan-san was moved by Hibiki-san's performance!
- But even so, Aine-chan and Mio-chan now face their greatest challenge yet.
But even so, I want to let them meet so that Hibiki-san can share her feelings.
But even then, I had a feeling.
But even with all my Friendsta followers, I'm still far short of that million, - so I thought I was nowhere close to achieving my dream.
But even you admitted you can't be together!
But everything I do is for Sakuya-oneesama.
But everything I'm doing is for Sakuya-oneesama.
But exercising with some Aikatsu is the best way to warm up!
But for each one of them, I found something fun.
But for now, an important announcement.
But for you, today...
But from now on...
But have you decided which to prioritize going forward?
But her profile mentions nothing about a sister.
But hey, I guess I'm a little disappointed.
But Hibiki-san's expression and acting were so amazing I didn't even consider that it could've been a prank!
But hitting each other with your earnest feelings just increased your frienergy, so all's well that ends well!
But honestly...
But how are we supposed to practice?
But how can I possibly live up to the standards they expect from Love Me Tear?
But how come Karen-san is able to stay the master?
But how do we practice them?
- But how they click together place is irresistible.
But I...
But I also believe that no matter what may come my way, I'll be able to say that I formed Friends with pride.
But I also believe that no matter what may come my way, I'll never regret having formed Friends.
But I believe the lock in your heart is already open.
But I believe the lock of your heart is already open.
- But I can give you a backstage tour instead.
- but I can give you an exclusive backstage tour instead.
But I can give you an exclusive backstage tour instead.
But I can't do it alone.
But I can tell, even though we're apart.
But I can't help but tense up when I speak with someone I don't know well.
But I can't help it when fans call out to me on the way asking for autographs and pictures!
But I can't help it when fans say my name on the way asking for autographs and pictures!
But I can't imagine that Karen-san and Mirai-san would settle for something so generic.
But I can't just do nothing when I have a friend in need!
But I can't just let you go while you're feeling bad.
But I can't just let you go while you're feeling unwell.
But I can't lift my feet!
But I didn't expect you to beat us to the punch.
But I don't even know the first thing about design.
But I don't even know where to begin.
But if even one word's off, you're out.
But if I remember right, it's a fleetingly rare herb only found deep in the mountains.
But if I remember right, it's an elusive rare herb only found deep in the mountains.
But, if nobody is able to reach the stage...
But I found the gate shut tight, and I never managed to see Alicia.
But I found the gate shut tight, and I wasn't permitted to even see Alicia.
But if our two planets can smile upon each other once more...
- But if the difference in their skill level isn't filled soon, Aine-chan will end up being the one in pain.
But if they can't close the difference in their skill level soon, Aine-chan will be the one to suffer.
- But if they can't close the difference in their skill level soon, Aine-chan will start to suffer.
But if we don't, there's no time left to train.
But if we don't, there's no time to train.
But if we go with this one, I'll be totally left out.
But... if you both go out and do that, you won't be able to stay together like before!
But if you can't even speak, we'll have no choice but to cancel.
But if you could possibly find time in your busy schedules, please attend!
But if you don't even try, it's over before it starts.
But if you don't even try, you'll lose before stepping into the ring.
But if you want to win, that's not nearly enough.
- But I got overwhelmed with all these things I had to work on and forgot what was most important.
But I got overwhelmed with everything I had to do and forgot what was most important.
- But I got overwhelmed with what was in front of me and completely forgot how important everyone is to me.
But I have no need for those wings.
But I have so much more than we rehearsed for...
But I have to apologize.
But I just can't envision myself changing like all of you have.
But I just can't see myself changing like you all have.
But I know we'll be fine together.
But I'll be fine!
But I'll make sure to practice it and add my Wakaba flavor too.
But I'll make sure to practice too and add my Wakaba flavor.
But I love yours very much.
But I'm also excited to see what kind of performance you two will have back together as Friends.
But I'm fine.
But I'm fine with accompanying you to work and occasionally telling divinations for you.
But I might not be able to give a million friends worth of frienergy at once!
But I might not be able to send a million friends worth of frienergy at once!
But I'm just not getting a spark.
But I'm not cut out for it.
But I'm not getting any sparks!
But I'm scared of what scares me.
But I'm still no match for you.
But I'm still yet to reach anywhere near your level.
But... I'm sure I cannot succeed.
But I need to get a scoop...
But I need your abilities, Sakuya-san.
But in no uncertain terms, this year's festival was created entirely for you.
But in the end, I feel it was worthwhile.
But in the end, I said "well, no matter" and gave up.
But in the end, we couldn't come up with anything for the commercial.
But in the whirlwind of work, I never even learned the most basic thing friends share.
But in the whirlwind of work, we never had the chance simply to be friends with each other.
But I really think that Mio-chan girl is getting a bit too friendly with her.
But is an Appeal really possible for someone who's just started Aikatsu?
But I say this from my heart.
But I see your point.
But I should apologize too. I can't help myself when I see someone down and out like that.
But I should apologize too. I just can't resist butting in whenever I see a dejected girl.
But I sincerely believe in that as I perform my Aikatsu.
- But isn't that exactly what you just did?
But I still don't get why we didn't go with the more sophisticated original version.
But I still don't understand why the original, more mature plan was scrapped.
But I still feel like it's missing something.
But I still won't let you get ahead!
But it doesn't look like an unrefined jewel.
But it doesn't look like they realize it themselves.
- But it feels like it passed by in a flash.
But I think we would just let everyone down.
But it'll be worth saving for.
But it makes sense. This is exactly the sort of bold proposal you're known for.
But it must be so much work just being the lead.
But it passed by in a flash.
But it scares me, so I'm scared.
But it's clear she's in need.
But it seems Alicia felt otherwise.
But it's not just Aine-chan.
But it's possible that as I fly higher, my wings will melt in the heat.
But it's possible that as I fly higher, my wings will melt like so much wax.
But it's possible that the higher I fly, the more my wings will melt like so much wax.
But it's reality. Just look.
But it's still cold even next to the fire.
But it's still raining.
But it was no dream, it's reality.
- But it was over in a flash.
But it won't go the same next time.
But I've never been able to do the same.
But I wanna talk with Mio-san more!
But I want to give it my best shot!
But I won't ever disband.
But I won't ever give us up.
But just as I was on the verge of losing myself, I was saved.
- But just so you know, in my entire database of past Friends who have taken the test, only one other unit got this result.
- But just so you know, in the entire history of this test, only one set of Friends has gotten this result.
But just the other day...
But Karen-san didn't give up any of it.
But Karen thinks differently.
But Love Me Tear themselves grew far beyond their past selves as well.
But Love Me Tear themselves grew leaps and bounds in the past year.
But Love Me Tear themselves grew leaps and bounds in the same amount of time.
But man, I can't believe you chose to try to MC for Love Me Tear as your first audition.
But man, I can't believe you decided to challenge yourself and try to MC for a Love Me Tear event as your first audition.
But meeting you was my salvation.
But! ...Me, I guess.
But Mio-chan worked so hard on her dress.
But Mio-chan, you fit right in with my family.
But more importantly, I don't want to lose my precious Kaguya-chan no matter what!
But my only skill is being good at imitating others...
But my singing and acting is a far cry from yours...
But Nako-chan's going to stay in Nagoya until graduating middle school, Do you think we can be Friends even with all the distance between Nagoya and Tokyo?
But no matter how long the road dore dake tooi michi demo I want to see these sights with you onaji keshiki wo mitai I want to see these sights with you onaji keshiki wo mitai Everything was for us to reunite subete wa ima deau tame Everything was for us to reunite
But no matter who they are or what they might think of me, I simply wish to continue delivering my love though Aikatsu.
But not anymore.
But not honesty.
But not really, I know I'm no match for you right now.
But now...
But now that it's happening, I'm actually getting nervous.
But now that we're Friends, I'm super excited about all the amazing things we'll do together!
But now, we're the greatest of friends.
But now we've made so many vivid memories together.
But now your trial's leveled up even more!
But of course.
But of course! I will go put in a hard day's work to make you happy.
But once I debut, I won't be able to stay with Mirai-san like before.
But one day, for sure...
But one day I want to become an idol who can stand shoulder to shoulder with you all.
But on the other hand, it meant graduating from being under the supervision of her producer, Mirai-san.
But on the other hand, it meant graduating from the supervision of her producer, Mirai-san.
But people don't think of macarons as any sort of comfort food.
But please tell us this—just what was that glimmering light?
But Pure Palette had the support of their fans.
But putting everything into context, it was all because Aine was there with me.
But recently, I was blessed with the chance to combine my two passions into one dress.
But right now, what you need to do most is memorize all your lines.
But seeing all your performances today opened my eyes.
But seeing our fans' faces has really recharged me!
But seeing our fans' faces makes me feel at full power again!
But she needs our help.
But she refused to see me, and sent me back outside her gate!
But she refused to see me and sent me back outside the gate!
But she was so looking forward to your solo concert.
But since I met Aine, I've been changing little by little.
But since the offer was for just you, will we be allowed to jump in like this?
But Sister...
But so long as I am doing Aikatsu, I am an idol before I am a princess.
But someday, I want to become an idol only I can be!
But somewhere deep in your heart, never disappearing sore demo kokoro ni zutto nokotteru But somewhere deep in your heart, never disappearing sore demo kokoro ni zutto nokotteru There must be something you can never give up on "akiramerarenai" ga aru hazu desho There must be something you can never give up on
But somewhere deep in your heart, never disappearing sore demo kokoro ni zutto nokotteru There must be something you can never give up on "akiramerarenai" ga aru hazu desho It's time to stop turning back and lift your head furikaeru koto wa nai kao wo agete I'm here for you, I'll be your star
But still, I'm as happy for Maika as I'd be for myself.
But still, it's like a miracle!
- But still, that doesn't mean you'll be disconnected from Mirai-san.
But taking giant leaps is what we're all about.
But Tamaki-san keeps telling me I'm still a ways away from making Friends.
But thanks to that, I got to experience your abilities personally.
- But that doesn't mean you'll be completely cut off from Mirai-san.
But that doesn't mean you'll be disconnected from Mirai-san.
But that just made us realize that our original Friends are the best.
But that just made us realize that our original Friends were the best.
But that's impossible in this case.
But that's impossible to do this time.
But that's nothing compared to the festival I'm about to bring!
But that's only because she's serious about her work.
But that's still a decent amount of time off.
But that's what I think to myself as I perform my Aikatsu.
But that's what we need to beat.
But that was my undoing.
But that was only the beginning.
But the debut is only a week away.
- But the event's success is entirely due to Maika-san's efforts.
But the event's success was entirely due to Maika-san's efforts.
But the fact that so many people came running to help you was no coincidence.
- But the moment they click into place is irresistible.
But then...
But then after you got sick and I had to do everything on my own, I discovered that I was so useless I couldn't even do sit-ups right.
But then after you took off and I had to do everything on my own, I discovered that I'm so useless I can't even do sit-ups right.
But then another girl taking the audition helped me to give it a hundred and ten percent!
But then another girl taking the audition helped me to give it a hundred percent!
- But then an unveiling for Sugar Melody's newest creation was scheduled.
But then at the Brilliant Friends Cup...
But then I realized that all I needed to do was be myself instead of pretending to be an adult.
But then I realized that all I should've done is be myself instead of pretending to be an adult.
But then I was assigned to the entertainment section...
But then I was saved just when I was at risk of completely losing myself.
But then Momone came barging in out of nowhere.
But then my memories!
- But then seeing Maika-chan perform after she flew the skies at one of her dear fests made Noa-san approve of her.
- But then suddenly, a Sugar Melody dress unveiling was scheduled for me.
But then thanks to Mio-chan, I managed to regain my voice and sing!
But then they might be shocked.
But then we went and accidentally gave the acting troupe the wrong date.
But then what about your show?!
But then why come to us?
But then, wouldn't the same be true for you too, Kaguya-chan?
But then you went and sealed it away.
But the offer was just for you.
But there are also others we must never lose.
But there aren't any holes, so it couldn't have gone anywhere.
But there's no way she can make a miracle if she overdoes it.
But there's still so much I want to learn from you!
But there were just as many thrills.
But these can tell you exactly why.
But they're Friends...
But this is no dream.
But this isn't dessert we're talking about.
But this is only the first step.
But this is the only time I'll allow you to rely on your fans.
But this is to take the stage with Onee-sama!
But this... It's too cruel.
But this job was intended for the two of you...
- But this result only came about due to Maika-san's efforts.
But to become an idol worthy of you, I challenged myself to do all the Aikatsu I could think up.
- But to be frank, I have no idea whether those stones held a miraculous power.
But to be honest, I have no idea whether those stones held a miraculous power.
but to do it!
But to enter the Love Me Zone, we need a trigger—a strong rival.
But together...
But to me, the time I spend with you is just as important.
But tomorrow's a day off, so we can go full-power mode bright and early!
But tomorrow's the Diamond Friends Cup finals!
But tonight's moon phase...
But to reach that point...
But to think it would one day be broadcast to every living room in the country...
But to think she's done it on her own...
But to think you two would be that car's passengers.
But to think you two would end up as that car's passengers.
But to win, that's not nearly enough.
But unfortunately, we can only send one person into space.
But wait!
But wait! There's more to this event!
But we actually became Diamond Friends!
But we appreciate it! We'll work hard to bring home the trophy!
But we haven't gotten it even once yet.
But we have the day off tomorrow, so we can go full-power mode bright and early!
But we have to win!
But we'll be cutting it close.
But we'll be sure to see you at the Brilliant Friends Cup!
But we're back now. Come on, let's Aikatsu!
But we're making it, slowly and steadily.
But we shouldn't, we still haven't come up with any ideas.
But we still don't have any concrete ideas about where to take the fest.
But we still haven't gotten it even once.
But we still haven't manged to convince Alicia-san yet.
But we've got lots of other tasty food too!
But we were in for a surprise! Solvette wasn't just freezing cold, it was in the middle of a crisis!
But what about your show?!
But what about you? Won't Alicia be mad?
But what connection does that have to the fest?
But what do you suppose it means for only chosen idols to wear one?
But what do you suppose it means that only chosen idols can wear them?
But what exactly should we do?
But what if we can't?
But what other choice did I have?!
But what's our emblem of happiness?
But when I do, it'll be as Honey Cat.
But when it comes to actually following through, I'd start to worry about whether you'd accept my feelings.
But when it comes to Love Me Tear, I can't be beat.
But when they're together, they shine way brighter than either do on their own!
But when you design a Friends dress for you both to wear, one person has to match the other, okay?
But where? Don't tell me you'll be going back to the moon!
But why?
But why did you?
But why did you come to us?
But why now, after all these years of trying?
But why? Why go so far?
But... will she make it back in time?
But will that really be enough?
But with Karen-san and Mirai-san's help, we got to Aikatsu with everyone again.
But with the support of your fans, you can blow right past it.
But with the support of your fans, you can break right through them.
But witnessing Karen-san spread love through her Aikatsu, she decided to reveal her true self.
But won't you get worried?
But word never came back, no matter how long I waited.
But worry not.
But you admitted you can't be together!
But you can find the reason inside this.
But you can't ignore the Butterfly Showgirl Coord if you want to prioritize being mysterious.
But you can't ignore the Butterfly Showgirl Coord if you want to prioritize mysteriousness.
But you flew all the way out to Solvette just to reform I Believe!
But you have other work to worry about...
But you know, I'm not really getting that ding and dong telling me to raise them.
But you know, I think Maika probably feels the same way too.
But you know, the Choco Pucchin Lucky Beam is supposed to be more "pop".
But you know, the Choco Puchin Lucky Beam is supposed to be more "pop".
But you made it out here!
But you're attending all these meetings and parties, and visiting all these places. Isn't that plenty?
But you're attending all these meetings and parties, visiting so many places. Isn't that plenty?
But you're the one who flew all the way out to Solvette just to reform I Believe!
But you seemed to prefer being alone, so it was hard to speak up.
But you showed me a miracle!
But you still have a ways to go.
- But you were the one who first invited me!
But you would've saved them either way, right? I know you.
by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12
By all means, we will participate.
By attempting new challenges with our shuffled Friends, we were able to break out of our shells.
Bye!
Bye.
- Bye-bye!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye, Mio-chan.
Bye-bye! See you soon!
Bye-ne!
Bye-ne! You get along with Aine-chan, now!
By fusing various colors and materials, you can form an infinite number of possibilities.
By god! A single lane log bridge has appeared across an unexpected chasm!
By god! A single-lane log bridge has appeared across an unexpected chasm!
By god! What a cruel trick of fate!
By pushing one another to greater heights, you can find infinite brilliance.
By solo, you mean I would have to perform on my own?
By that, you mean...
By the slimmest of margins, Pure Palette won!
- By the time we realized, we could only see each other and everything was over.
By the time your visit is over, you'll understand that the next Diamond Friends will be Honey Cat without a doubt.
By the way, didn't you call for a reason?
By the way, did you need something?
By the way, have you decided on who to partner with for your Friends unit?
By the way, how's your unrefined jewel?
By the way, Mio-chan. Since you did that commercial, does that mean you get a year of macarons?
By the way, plopping into the sea is an instant fail.
By the way, Sakuya-oneesama.
Bzzt!
Calligraphy and judo.
Calligraphy, dance, flower arrangement, martial arts, pottery, tea ceremony.
Call me Mio.
Camera rolling!
Camp.
Camp Camp Camp Camp Camp - Camp - Lesson - Camp - Lesson - Camp - Lesson The Camp Lesson Coord?
Camp. Lessons.
Canada, America, and Brazil.
Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives Can change even our lives
Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo jinsei mo kaechau yo
Can I bring a friend?
Can I count on you to put on a lively show?
Can I expect you to enter?
Can I get a closer look at that?
Can I offer you some tea?
Can I really?
Can I really ask?
Can I rely on your guidance, Aine-san, Mio-san?
Can I take that as a yes?
Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures Can lead to hidden futures soko ni shika nai mirai
Can lead to hidden futures soko ni shikai nai mirai Can lead to hidden futures soko ni shikai nai mirai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that
Can lead to hidden futures soko ni shika nai mirai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace,
Can such a human really exist?
Can't argue with that.
Can't deny that.
Can technique really make this much of a difference in taste?
Can't handle them?
Can't move...
Can't you see how much everyone here is yearning for Aikatsu?
Can we be that shiny and exciting if we do that?
Can we be that shiny and exciting if we do that too?
Can we even drink that much?!
Can we make up for all the years spent apart?
Can we really make a miracle?
Can we really... make up?
Can we really win?
Can you believe it?
- Can you keep up the pace?
- Can you keep up with this pace?
Can you make it up this high?
Can you really? Please show us your talent!
Can you show me around?
Can you show us a map of all the places Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san have been tagged?
Can you still surpass us if you balk at something as trite as this?
Cards are friends!
Cards are friends.
Cards are friends, and fans are friends.
Cards are friends! Let's shine together!
Cards are friends. Let's shine together!
Casual mode!
Catch up to Ema!
Catch you off guard?
Cat Moon!
Cat Moon Hinata Ema Shirayuri Sakuya You can have it, Ema-chan.
Cat Moon Honey Moon Reflect Honey Reflect Cat Cat Moon Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon Ugh, god! Now I have to fix their schedules again!
Caught!
'Cause me, I've got another dream I'm chasing now.
'Cause you're Diamond Friends!
Caw!
C-Calling me for no reason isn't allowed!
C-Coco-chan?
C-Coco's not Coco!
C-Comedians?
C-Coming!
Certainly...
Certainly. Don't go too hard on us.
Certainly! I can hardly even remember the last time I had one.
Certainly! I can hardly remember the last time I had one.
Certainly. Sung by Alicia Charlotte, the song is "Continuing to be".
Challenge Letter Challenge Letter Hey! What's going on?
"Challenge yourself and you're sure to meet," huh.
Changing yourself doesn't mean you have to sacrifice anything!
Chapter 20, the legendary hundred battles?
Chapter 3.
Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting
Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Is this your character?
Character Setting Character Setting Hey, that sounds pretty interesting.
Character Setting That's the legendary fairy who shows up for the climax.
Charenji sureba kitto aeru charenji sureba kitto aeru - If you wanna be true to yourself it's up to you - If you wanna be true to yourself it's up to you - If you wanna be true to yourself it's up to you - rashiku aritai subete wa jibun shidai
Charles!
Charles?
Charles.
Charles and Father have said that they will handle this crisis, and that I should focus solely on Aikatsu, but...
Charles-kun!
Charles-kun told us that the people here have never seen idols perform.
Charles, prepare for our departure.
Charles-sama.
Charles-sama, please!
Charles, thank you for opening the gate for us.
Charles, what are they doing over there?
Chasing after Mirai-san...
Ch-Chii-chan, calm down.
Ch-Choco Pucchin Lucky Beam!
Ch-Choco Puchin Lucky Beam!
Cheap na sekai ja kagayakenai?
Check it out.
- Checkpoint - Checkpoint - Checkpoint It's a checkpoint.
Checkpoint Checkpoint Checkpoint Trial three!
Check these out! They're idol training strength cuffs!
Check this out! It's a new dress!
Check your Aikatsu Mobile Iroha & Himari My Aikatsu Mobile?
Cheer for me, Wakaba.
Cheering for you!
Cheers!
cheese fondue Moon surface Who knew that shuffled Friends could work this well?
Chiha...
Chiharu!
Chiharu-san!
Chiharu-san?
Chiharu-san.
Chiharu-san and Ken-san too!
Chiharu-san, don't you have a bunch of unused designs lying around?
Chiharu-san, don't you have lots of unused designs left over?
Chiharu-san gave me the third degree trying to figure out what was up with her dress.
Chiharu-san! I figured out what theme I want for my Premium Rare Dress!
Chiharu-san, I'm now more sure than ever.
Chiharu-san, I'm sorry for all the craziness I imposed.
Chiharu-san, I'm sure of it now.
Chiharu-san isn't around to ask for advice... What should I do?
Chiharu-san, I've been somewhat lacking in exercise lately.
Chiharu-san! Ken-san!
Chiharu-san, Ken-san, good morning!
Chiharu-san knows everything there is to know about fashion and is someone you can rely on.
Chiharu-san! Look at this!
Chiharu-san prepared it in secret.
Chiharu-san said she didn't want to make a brand, but I just couldn't give up on her.
Chiharu-san said she didn't want to make a brand, but I just couldn't give up on it.
Chiharu-san, this is it!
Chiharu-san was hounding me trying to figure out what was up with her dress.
Chiharu-san, where are we?
Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan
- Chii-chan...
Chii-chan, you're being way too negative.
chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single
chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach
Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian I just can't!
Chinese style? It looks delicious.
Chinese-style? It looks delicious.
Chin up, Aine.
chirari majime nozoite That expression suits you well too konna ichimen mo arunda And I love it all tottemo ii ne All of the sudden I always want to be with you ki ga tsukeba zutto issho ni itai All of the sudden I always want to be with you
Choco-chan! Marron-chan! Mocha-chan!
Chocolate mint macarons.
Chocolate mint macaron sales are 1000 percent up!
Chocolate mint macarons really fit the whole cool stud image.
ChocoMint Macaron.
ChocoMint Macaron really goes with the whole cool stud image, too.
ChocoMint Macaron sales are up 1000%!
ChocoMint Macaron will let boys profess their love to girls!
- ChocoMint Macaron will let boys to profess their love to girls!
Choco Pucchin Lucky Beam!
Choco Puchin Lucky Beam!
Chomolungma!
Chosen?
chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi chotto kurai mawari michi A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi
Chouno Chouno Boxing Boxing Gym Gym Forgive me, Maika!
Chouno Chouno Boxing Boxing Gym Gym I'm home.
Chouno Chouno Boxing Boxing Gym Gym Please say yes, Maito-san!
- Chouno - Chouno - Chouno Chouno Chouno Chouno - Boxing - Boxing - Boxing Boxing Boxing Boxing Gym Gym Gym You still haven't told them?
Chouno Maika...
- Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika
- Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika Chouno Maika You did it.
Chouno Maika-san from the ever-popular Friends Honey Cat strides boldly through the rain to fly through the skies as the Bird Girl!
Chouno Maika—things are really heating up!
- #christmasparty - #penguincafe #yulelog Gather round!
- #christmasparty - #penguincafe #yulelog - Likes! - Christmas cake!
Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views
Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments - An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols - Views - Subscribe - Comments
Cinderella Cinderella Star Harmony Idol Track Thank you for your patience.
Clad in these dresses, created in the image of two birds soaring the night sky, I am...
Clap clap clap!
Class Class Class Class Class Class Class On site Club Club Club Club Club Meeting Meeting Honey Cat Meeting Class Honey Cat Meeting Dance lesson Dance lesson Filming TV show recording TV show recording Radio show Radio show Mountain climbing show Voice lesson TV pre-interview Confectionery show recording Tomorrow and the day after...
Classical Ange allows anyone who wears it to become an angel.
Classical Ange is the brand Karen-san is the muse of, right?
Click!
clothes - zutto konna toushindai suki na fuku de - Always be true to your own life, wear your favorite clothes - zutto konna toushindai suki na fuku de Dance without a care and show off who you really are hokorashiku odorou hitamuki ni tsutaeyou Dance without a care and
Club Resignation Club Resignation Club Resignation Club Resignation Club Resignation I see, that's too bad.
Cluck cuckoo!
C'mon, let's get back to it.
- Coco?
- Coco-chan?
Coco-chan!
Coco-chan?
Coco-chan...
Coco-chan? Coco-chan!
Coco-chan! Huh?
Coco-chan is missing!
Coco-chan not knowing about them just piques my interest more.
Coco-chan, please go on standby.
- Coco-chan's Plain 'n Simple Friends Personality Test!!
- Coco-chan's Plain 'n Simple Friends Personality Test!! - Coco-chan's Plain 'n Simple Friends Personality Test!!
Coco-chan, tell me more about Solvette!
Coco-chan, tell me more about the Solvette!
Coco-chan told Aine to figure out for herself how to become an amazing idol.
Coco-chan told Aine to think about what makes an amazing idol herself.
Coco is a bad girl!
Coco is so moved!
- Coconuts ♪Can't wait! I wanna see Aine-chan live! Panda Girl ♪I've been waiting for this! l'll definitely go! Ume Tea ♪Your last PR Dress was awesome! So excited to see your new one! King Penguin ♪I'm obsessed with Sugar Melody! cottoncandy ♪I want to see you perform right now!!
Coco really wasn't made for Aikatsu...
Coco's on summer vacation too!
Coco's work tips!
Coco's work tips number five.
Coco's work tips number six.
Coco's work tips number three.
Coco wants to be confessed to just like in the commercial too!
Coco wants to build a snowman!
Coffee milk is the only way to end a bath!
Color commentator Mirai-san, please share your thoughts on what awaits the Friends here.
Colors are the same. Watch this.
Come along and let's go.
Come along, we're part of this crowd too.
Come in.
Come join us, Pure Palette!
Come, let's be sincere to the music flowing out from my heart saa kokoro ni shitagatte ikou wakidasu myuujikku Come, let's be sincere to the music flowing out from my heart saa kokoro ni shitagatte ikou wakidasu myuujikku - What's most important is the will to challenge yourself - daiji na no wa charenji seishin
Come, now...
Come now, why don't you give her a shot at least?
Come now, why not at least give her a shot?
Come on!
Come on.
Come on...
Come on Aine, don't act childish.
Come on, all that's left is the actual performance.
Come on, all that's left is the real thing.
Come on, a whole month is like forever.
Come on, Dad! You love Maika too much!
Come on, "delishrooms"?
Come on, do it more!
Come on, don't be shy.
Come on, don't cry. We have places to be.
Come on, Ema...
Come on, Ema! What happened to your reckless abandon when bungee jumping?
Come on, Ema! You were perfectly fine when you bungee jumped!
Come on, gather your things and get to work.
Come on, how could I not be speechless?
Come on, hurry up and get back.
Come on, I made enough for both of you too.
Come on, it's not like it isn't obvious.
Come on, let's get to training!
Come on, let's get you clean.
Come on, let's hang out.
Come on, let's start with dinner.
Come on, man.
Come on out and play.
Come on over!
Come on, Riffraffians!
Come on! Stop bothering them!
Come on, tell me more!
Come on, that left me speechless!
Come on! That's just an ocean!
- Come on, there's no permanent damage here.
Come on together! Let's go hand in hand as far as we want to Come on together! Let's go hand in hand as far as we want to saa iku yo! Let's go sorotte dokomade demo saa iku yo! Let's go sorotte dokomade demo The two of us The two of us
Come on together! Let's go hand in hand as far as we want to saa iku yo! Let's go sorotte dokomade demo Come on together! Let's go hand in hand as far as we want to saa iku yo! Let's go sorotte dokomade demo The four of us issho ni
Come on, we can hide inside!
Come on, we can't wait any longer.
Come on, wouldn't you be embarrassed?
Come on, you must have a few after all this time. Even just things you'd like her to fix.
- Come on, you must have a few after all this time. Maybe some things you'd like her to fix.
- Come on, you must have one or two after all this time. Even just things you'd like her to fix.
Come on, you're not a real cat...
Come out before you get sick!
Come over here.
Come to think of it, I do remember us having something of a team name.
Come to think of it, I have almost no experience talking to boys my age.
Come to think of it, I haven't faced off against Hibiki in quite some time.
Come to think of it, I haven't settled a match with Hibiki in quite some time.
Come to think of it, I seem to recall hearing something like that when I got my Aikatsu Mobile...
Come to think of it, it's been a while since I last saw Mom work.
Come to think of it, Karen-san did the same thing under Karen Island.
Come to think of it, wasn't today also the audition's final selection day?
Come to think of it, we should have a costume like that in the production room from a previous play!
Come with me, Aine!
Coming all the way from Okinawa are these Friends, said to be the greatest dancers in all the land!
Coming out on top in every single one means she's basically a god.
Coming to you live from our studio, Song Survival!
Coming to you live from Star Harmony!
Coming to you live from the studio, Song Survival!
Commercial Launch Commercial Launch We're running a campaign where everyone who tries these macarons is entered into a lottery for a chance to go to "Mio's Cool Spark Stage".
Commercial Reveal Commercial Reveal Commercial Reveal Valentine's Day is a big event for girls.
Communicating freely as Friends is an invaluable part of Aikatsu.
Communication between Friends is an invaluable part of Aikatsu.
Compared to even just a short while ago, your skills are so much better you're almost unrecognizable.
Compared to the rest of you, I...
Compete with me on stage.
Completely. Once I figured out the theme, the new design flowed naturally.
Complete radio silence.
Completing the tasks I'm assigned is no issue.
Congrats!
Congrats, Aine.
Congrats, Aine-chan.
Congrats, Coco-chan!
Congrats on a successful show!
Congrats on making it this far.
Congrats on your official return to Aikatsu, Alicia.
Congrats, you two.
Congratulations!
Congratulations.
- Congratulations☆Debut Show!!
- Congratulations☆Debut Show!! Harukaze Wakaba's Progress Views Subscribe - Ticket GET! - So hype!
Congratulations Love Me Tear From Shiratsu Akira From Black Pitt It's amazing that they know so many celebrities!
Congratulations, Maika!
Congratulations, Mio.
Congratulations on becoming Diamond Friends!
Congratulations on forming Pure Palette!
Congratulations on forming your Friends unit, Aine-chan!
Congratulations on winning the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Congratulations on winning the Diamond Friends Cup.
Congratulations on your Friends formation, Aine-chan!
Congratulations, Sakuya-chan! Kaguya-chan!
Congratulations! We saw you on the news.
Considering everything, I think this is your best option.
Considering that the jewels choose their idols, if it's gone and disappeared...
Considering the current season, will the theme be based around Valentine's?
Considering the extra effort they're going through, there really may be something extra this time.
Considering the season, will it have a Valentine's Day theme?
Considering you came to witness the qualifiers, do you intend to participate in the Brilliant Friends Cup?
Consider it a request from me too.
Consider it a reward for how well-received your latest commercial was.
- Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes
Consider the feelings of Alicia-sama!
Consider yourself scouted!
Construction has already begun on a pilot academy...
contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a
Contrails!
Conversely, Maika's been getting invitations to co-star in the traveling variety shows Ema is known for.
Cool!
Cool colors and a stylish silhouette.
Cool colors and a stylish silhouette. You bloomed like a beautiful flower on stage.
- Coordinate to make yourself the dramatic heroine Talk about these in class Talk about these in class Popular shops on social media handbag A hairstyle to catch his eye A hairstyle to catch his eye Casual style for a downtown stroll Thanks, Mio-chan!
Cops and Robbers.
Could I ask you to put all the locations Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san have been spotted on a map?
Could it be...
Could it be that she can't handle thrill attractions?
Could it be that she's no good with thrill attractions?
Could it be that there was an actual reason no little fans were at our concert and we just aren't aware of it?
Could it be that these...
Could it be that the tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich Mio-chan was raving about was from here?
Could it be that this is the first time it's gone this far?
Could it lead to the discovery of the century?!
Could Mio-chan be feeling the same?
- Could Mio-chan be feeling the same way?
- Could Mio-chan be the same?
Could she be aiming to form Friends with Aine?
Could that be...
Could there have been a reason no children were at our concert that we just weren't aware of?
Could this actually be...
Could this be?
Could this be the reason Mio-chan brought her in?
Could this be your very first fight?
Could those be... your legendary soy sauce-glazed rice crackers?
Could we do a test run?
Could we get one more pass?
Could we possibly have a minute?
Could you let me read that, Onee-chan?
Could you spare a moment to listen to their pleas?
Could you survive just by relying on other people?
Could you take a few shots using it?
Could you teach me the steps one more time?
Could you tell us of any places nearby where we can hold the party?
Could you tell us what we were like on stage?
Counseling?
Counseling Room!
Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Excuse us.
Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Counseling Room Next, please!
- Countless stars twinkling in the galaxy.
Count us in.
'Course!
Course!
'Course, by doing Aikatsu together!
'Course! Honey Cat's counterattack has already started!
Course! It's because the dresses are so important that I want to design them ourselves.
'Course, it's gotta be Miracle Appeals!
Course! I want to design them ourselves precisely because it's so important.
'Course! Let's get fired up!
'Course! We can definitely do it!
'Course, we'll be the ones to win!
'Course, we'll win this time!
- 'Course! - Yeah!
Crazy deadline or not, bring it on!
Cream bread, sweet bean bread, and melon bread!
- Create the greatest work you can before the reveal. - Brand Reveal - Brand Reveal This is it.
"Crossing fate hand in hand, a fragment of the moon clasped in your palms." I think the fragment here is referring to you.
crying let's cry together moshi dareka ga naitetara issho ni nakou If someone out there is crying let's cry together moshi dareka ga naitetara issho ni nakou If someone out there is laughing let's laugh by their side moshi dareka ga warattara tonari de waraou If someone out there is laughing
Cunique?
- Cunique is the way to be!
- Cunique is the way to be! - Chigakawa ga ii!
Cure Power Girlies Cure Power Girlies Cure Power Girlies Cure Power Girlies?
Curse you, meddling Cure Power Girlies!
Curse you, meddling Kyuwa Pawa Girlies!
Cut!
Cut.
Cuteness drips down from this coord kawaii! chiribamete koode Cuteness drips down from this coord kawaii! chiribamete koode - Wanna give it a shot - mane shitai na - Wanna give it a shot - mane shitai na Or maybe something sharp would be better kakkoii! kanji mo ii na
Cut! Okay!
Dad?
Dad...
Dad designed all of those plates.
Dad makes cars, watches, and the like as an industrial designer.
Dad, Mom...
Dad produced all of those plates.
Dad's really looking forward to it!
Dad, take a chill pill.
Da-dun!
"daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo You make me feel like I can do this "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo So let's set off!
"daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo You make me feel like I can do this "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo So let's set off!
Dakara motto aikatsu!
Dakara motto aikatsu! yappa aikatsu!
dakishimerareta nukumori ni wake wa iranai Is a warmth that needs no other reason to be embraced dakishimerareta nukumori ni wake wa iranai La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love - A song of love - ai no uta
dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright
dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright
dakyou wa nai No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai
Dance fully aware of dress movements Don't lie to your own feelings - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Don't lie to your own feelings
- Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when
- Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes
- Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements
Dance fully aware of dress movements Don't lie to your own feelings - Use abdominal breathing - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Don't lie to your own feelings
dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as
dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin'
Dancing in our favorite styles Dancing in our favorite styles okiniiri no fasshon de dansu okiniiri no fasshon de dansu Everyone's smiles pop into my mind Everyone's smiles pop into my mind minna no egao me ni ukabu minna no egao me ni ukabu While smiling waratte While smiling waratte
Dancing in our favorite styles okiniiri no fasshon de dansu Dancing in our favorite styles okiniiri no fasshon de dansu Everyone's smiles pop into my mind minna no egao me ni ukabu Everyone's smiles pop into my mind minna no egao me ni ukabu While smiling waratte While smiling waratte
Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition Dancing Mirage New PR Dress Model Audition
Dancing Mirage's designer is Shimendou Noa-san.
Dancing Mirage's designer Noa-san seemed preoccupied with it too.
Dancing Mirage's headquarters.
Dancing Mirage's One Night Mirage Coord is a danceable and sexy coord!
Darkness?
Darkness?!
Dark Side of the Moon Dark Side of the Moon Traveling Fortunes I had heard the rumors, but you really do run a fortune telling tent.
Dark Side of the Moon Dark Side of the Moon Traveling Fortunes It's far past our time to swap.
Dark Side of the Moon Dark Side of the Moon Traveling Fortunes Traveling Fortunes Accuracy dependent on the moon's radiance tonight Accuracy dependent on the moon's radiance tonight Sakuya-san's predictions were supposed to be 100% accurate.
Dark Side of the Moon, gave us the best results.
Dark side of the what?
Darn.
Darn it!
Darnit!
Date and Time Date and Time Dec 13 Dec 13 Venue: Amanogawa City Grand Hall Venue: Amanogawa City Grand Hall I hear it's going to be the biggest one the Academy's ever held.
DAY DAY DAY DAY - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette There you have it! Stage start!
Day one will bring us Honey Cat versus Pure Palette!
Days left until the reveal And, squee!
Days off are for playing! Not work!
Day trips will be impossible, so you'll need to stay in hotels.
D-Does that mean...
D-Don't look at me.
D-Don't worry about it!
deaete hontou ni yokatta deaete hontou ni yokatta Positive to the max!
deaete hontou ni yokatta I'm so happy the two of us met each other deaete hontou ni yokatta Positive to the max!
deaete hontou ni yokatta Positive to the max!
Dearly beloved friends.
Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat Everyone, thanks for following us!
Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show you've ever seen, so look forward to it!
Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat Morn!
deawanakereba kitto naitari shinakatta And yet her heart continues to long soredemo mada kogarete And yet her heart continues to long soredemo mada kogarete Her only wish is yes, to know true love hoshii no wa sou hontou no omoi Her only wish is yes, to know true love hoshii no wa sou hontou no omoi
Debut... I'm going to debut!
- #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson ♪ HarukazeWakaba ♪cuniquelnProgress☆ ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson
Decorating the surroundings will help as well.
deep into our hearts nando mo kizandeku ai no kioku Etching memories of love deep into our hearts nando mo kizandeku ai no kioku They become a melody and resound merodii ni natte hibiku They become a melody and resound merodii ni natte hibiku I will forever continue to sing this song of love
Delete it, quick!
Delicious!
Deliver this message to the guards at the airport as well as those stationed at all roads along the border.
Delivery Entrance I couldn't even tell you how many times I've been knocked on my back before.
Delivery Entrance I think I understand what was going through their minds.
Depart from my country at once.
Design!
Design A isn't bad per se, but I think B is better.
Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics
Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics Design Basics I think that about covers it.
Designed our...
Designing a dress from scratch isn't easy.
Despite being physical reflections of one another, our traits couldn't be more opposite.
Despite my looks, we're the same age.
Despite that...
Despite that, she already has a Premium Rare Dress.
- Despite your looks, you seriously don't understand the concept of restraint.
Despite your pretty face, you seriously don't understand the concept of restraint.
Dessert may be sweet, but the world sure isn't!
Desserts coming along nicely.
Devilish and sexy!
Devote your heart and soul to Aikatsu for the people here as well, Sister.
Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord I'm the Aikatsu Navi, Coco!
Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord I'm Coco!
Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord I can hardly wait to see which Friends
Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord I'm Coco!
Diamond Dresses?!
Diamond Friends.
Diamond Friends aren't made in a day.
Diamond Friends Cup Diamond Friends Cup Only the most brightly shining idols will be crowned the Friends of all Friends!
♪ Diamond FriendsCup ♪finals Listen, Mio.
♪ DiamondFriendsCup ♪finals #PurePalette People have also replied with heaps of messages and videos of their own.
- #DiamondFriendsCup #finals #support PonyPony That was amazing, they were so bright I thought my monitor broke WRibbon I'm there in person, it's just, so shiny shiny SnowCross I got knocked back into my seat!! RoseBud My heart's still racing... Could this be love? CreamPie Thanks for the Ema Report Are Love Me Tear themselves a miracle? PlumKelpTea After an aura like that, what's Pure Palette supposed to do? coconuts Their dresses were amazing, but just what was that aura... KingPenguin Aine-chan, Mio-chan, do your best! Thunders I seriously can't stop shaking!
Diamond Friends really are something special.
Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord I'm Coco!
Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord I'm Coco!
Did any of you lose this?
Did anyone lose their smartphone?
Did I do something wrong?
Did I frighten you?
Did I hurt you?
Did I include too much basil?
Did I never tell you?
Did I use the wrong shade of foundation?
Didn't her voice sound kind of different from usual?
Didn't her voice sound kind of different than usual?
Didn't Hibiki-san say something about the unrefined jewels being drawn to idols who possess a light?
Didn't I tell you?
Didn't I tell you when we first met?
Didn't she put out a survey asking about things they wanted her to do?
Didn't she take a survey of things they wanted to do before the show?
- Didn't you go through your own personal odyssey while you were traveling?
Didn't you know? Aine-chan's already made friends with every idol here.
Didn't you say it had legs?
Didn't you say that tour was partly your own personal odyssey?
- Didn't you say that tour was your own personal odyssey?
Did she really call just to say that?
Did someone drop that?
Did something bad happen to you two on your world tour?
Did something happen?
Did something happen, Kaguya-san?
Did something happen to our dresses during that song?
Did something that bad really happen to you two on your world tour?
Did we shock you?
Did you?
Did you already have plans?
Did you come to see Maika-chan's performance?
Did you figure out what the Best Friends Rare Dress was missing?
Did you forget it in the dressing room?
- Did you forget that the whole reason we're holding this pajama party is to prove to Karen-san that it's okay to release the Love Me Zone?
Did you get an example?
Did you get a reference for it?
Did you go and pick it yourself for Ema-chan?
Did you go pick it yourself for Ema-chan?
Did you hear that "squee"? She's so cute!
Did you know? Aine-chan's already made friends with every idol here.
Did you know that Mio is the head producer of this show?
Did you know that Mio's the head producer of this show?
Did you lead us to this courtyard so that we could get back to our world?
Did you make all of this yourself?
Did you navigate us to this courtyard so that we could get back to our world?
Did you not feel any hesitation, Aine-san?
Did you not have your doubts, Aine-san?
Did you not hear me?
Did you notice that all of Love Me Tear's fans started cheering for Pure Palette halfway through?
Did you now?
Did you pass the dance portion?
Did you ride a rocket?
Did you say Mio-chan?!
Did you say something?
Did you see? Did you? Honey Cat's Miracle Dresses!
Did you see the odds online?
Did you sleep well?
Did you take all this pictures yourself?
Did you think this would be a piece of cake?
Did you use a rocket?
Did you write a letter to Santa?
Different from previous PR Dress A Premium Rare Dress in three days...
Different from previous PR Dress It has to have an even more amazing design.
Different than before, different than before...
Ding-dong, ding-dong!
- Ding-dong! Doesn't that sort of thing just get you going?
Ding-dong! Doesn't that sort of thing just get you hyped?
- Ding-dong! Doesn't that sort of thing just get you started?
Director! Good morning.
Director, should we stop rolling?
Disguise!
Dismissed.
Disposable chopsticks, paper plates...
Divination?
Divine?
Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako!
Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako I know how much you love your home.
Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico!
Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Nico, you...
Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Nagoya with Nako Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico Do Aikatsu in Tokyo with Nico
Do aliens count as animals?
Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression
Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression Let's see, it wants me to do an impression...
Do either of you recognize this?
Does anyone have a dress like this?
Does anyone need tissues?
Doesn't it feel different looking at the town from a whole new angle?
Doesn't it just scream Honey Cat?
Doesn't it look like something out of a fairy tale?
Doesn't it look like something's up?
Doesn't it look the same?
Doesn't it seem kind of lonely?
Doesn't just the thought excite you?
Doesn't looking at the same familiar scenery from a different angle totally change how it feels?
Doesn't that feel like a miracle?
Doesn't that mean...
Doesn't that mean that whoever wins, they won't be able to come back together?
- Doesn't the thought excite you?
- Doesn't thinking about that make you excited?
Does that bother you?
Does that mean...
Does that mean our surprise...
Does that mean she rejected your plea to become Friends?
Does that mean that back then...
Does that mean that back then too...
Does that mean that one of us has been chosen?
Does that mean that someone among us has been chosen?
Does that mean you can fly in space?
Does that mean you liked both teams?
Does that mean you'll become our tour's sponsor?
does that mean you're an alien?
Does that mean you're giving up on your dream of being Diamond Friends?
Does that mean you're Sakuya-san from the famous fortune-telling site, Dark Side of the Moon?
Does this work for you?
Does winning mean that much to you?
"Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall"?
Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall A boy dog wants to see the world beyond the wall.
- Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the
- Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the
- Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall It's a story of him trying his best to get over the tall, tall wall.
- Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Kaguya-san.
- Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall tatta tararatta...
Do I?
Doing Aikatsu on that stage made everything seem to sparkle, just like something out of a dream!
Doing Aikatsu on that stage made everything sparkle, just like something out of a dream!
Doing Aikatsu together...
Do I really have to choose just one?
Do it, Pure Palette!
Doki doki kara waku waku e doki doki kara waku waku e - Beat beat then a boom boom it keeps changing - Beat beat then a boom boom it keeps changing Dan dan hora don don kawarunrun dan dan hora don don kawarunrun One two and a three, cast a spell on me
Dokkoisho!
dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei
dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway
Done. Next!
Done! What do you think?
donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai donna deai Whoever I meet donna deai Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture
donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai Wherever I venture donna sekai - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - We're connected
donna toki mo egao! kore dake wa kakasanai So never forget your smile! That's the only thing that you need donna toki mo egao! kore dake wa kakasanai Just keeping your thoughts to yourself will never get you anywhere omotteru dake ja nani hitotsu todokanai kara Just keeping your thoughts to
Do not be deceived.
Do not concern yourself about the divination and live strong.
Do not concern yourself about the divination, and live strong.
Don't be.
Don't be afraid.
Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Her dress was glowing! I've never seen anything like it!
Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e So this... is Aikatsu?
Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e With the power you showed on stage today, you'll be able to get Alicia-san's attention for sure!
Don't be afraid. The entire room is lined in cushions, so you shouldn't be hurt by any impacts.
Don't be afraid. The room is entirely lined in cushions, so you don't need to worry about getting hurt.
Don't be. I know what it's like to admire idols as much as she does.
Don't be. I'm as happy as I would be receiving the Best Friends Award!
Don't be. I understand well her feelings of admiration for idols.
Don't be led astray!
Don't be shy about it!
Don't be, they were happy to have you.
Don't blame us if your legs give out.
Don't decide that quite yet.
Don't do something like this ever again, got it?
Don't follow me!
Don't forget.
Don't forget about performing either, okay?
Don't forget about performing, okay?
Don't forget, Aine-chan and Mio-chan are up next.
Don't forget Indonesia or Malaysia!
Don't forget that.
Don't forget that we first became Diamond Friends in our second year of middle school, the same age as you.
Don't forget to brush your teeth before bed.
Don't forget we have Pure Palette work too.
Don't forget. We're friends, teammates, and also...
Don't get discouraged from just a bad interview!
Don't get discouraged just because of a bad interview!
Don't give me that! How long do you have until the audition?
Don't give up!
Don't give up, Maika!
Don't give up, Maika-chan!
Don't go away, Kaguya-chan!
Don't go blindly following the worthless temptations of Aikatsu.
"Don the brilliant garments of gemstone." Jeweling Dresses!
Don the brilliant garments of gemstone, offer a song and dance to the heavens, and in due time, great fortune will rain down upon the land." It is an ancient lyric passed down from a long-forgotten festival in Solvette.
Don't hesitate. Face forward.
Don't hesitate. Raise your chin.
Don't hesitate to call if you have any questions.
Don't hold back!
Don't interrupt them!
Don't just clasp your hands and pray douka to negau yori mo One day we'll connect for sure itsuka kitto tsunagaru One day we'll connect for sure itsuka kitto tsunagaru So let's chase it together oikaketeikou So let's chase it together oikaketeikou I'm here for you, I'll be your star
Don't let a single moment go to waste.
Don't let that fateful encounter pass you by!
Don't let us down in the finals.
Don't let your emotions beat you.
Don't lie to your own feelings Consider the audience in the very back too - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when
Don't lie to your own feelings - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back
Don't look at Mio-chan to match our steps.
Don't look down on Producer Mirai's abilities.
Don't make the same mistake twice.
Don't mention it.
Don't mind me.
Don't miss this passionate clash of Friends!
Don't panic. We'll come up with it together.
Don't panic. We'll think it through together.
Don't smile because you're happy.
Don't speak with your mouth full.
Don't stop!
Don't stop. Keep on filming like this.
Don't stop me, Penne!
Don't stop them for even a second.
Don't stress out, just be yourself and enjoy singing like usual.
Don't stress out, just be yourself, and enjoy the stage like usual.
Don't stress yourself.
Don't suddenly ask me something not on the script!
Don't tell me!
Don't tell me...
Don't tell Papa!
Don't these lyrics sound like they're talking about Friends wearing Jeweling Dresses and collaborating for a fest?
Don't they seem kind of strange?
Don't think an idol's voice can only sound sweet!
Don't think crying will make me change my mind.
Don't think we'll lose again! Bring it on!
Don't use me as an excuse. It's a nuisance.
Don't worry!
Don't worry about Coco!
Don't worry about it!
Don't worry about it. There's nobody who knows her way around here more than me.
Don't worry, all we need to do is follow the river and we'll make it just fine.
Don't worry, I'll back you up.
Don't worry! I'll pull you along with me.
Don't worry! I'm here supporting you.
Don't worry, just follow me!
Don't worry! Me and Mio-chan are here for you.
Don't worry! Onee-san'll be right there with you, okay?
Don't worry, we'll make it there in time no matter what.
Don't you agree, Aine-chan?
Don't you agree that everyone's looking a lot brighter than before?
Don't you feel warm and fuzzy inside?
- Don't you have a girlfriend to go on a Christmas date with Kazune?
Don't you have your own Aikatsu to take care of?
Don't you just love the name?
Don't you remember how much she's helped the both of us?
Don't you see it in slapstick comedy?
Don't you think it's stylish and cute?
Don't you think it's the perfect dress for Karen?
Don't you think most people see them as a luxury snack?
Don't you think she's been acting kind of strange lately?
Don't you think that level of surprise is a little too shallow for such a dramatic situation?
Don't you think that thing is fairy tales?
Don't you think the oriental embroidery is gorgeous and sexy?
Don't you think we should fill these in first?
Don't you two also have something to find for yourselves?
Don't you whine at me.
Don't you worry, Coco-chan.
Don't you worry! If any ghosts show up, I'll beat them silly in a lacrosse match!
Do please look forward to it.
Do they plan to dig up the whole lot?
Do this and you'll be enveloped by the wind.
Double Hibiscus!
Double Hibiscus has successfully finished their performance.
Do we even have the right to be so ambitious, having only formed recently?
Do we even have the right to reach so high, having only formed recently?
Do whatever you want.
Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei
Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway
Dowsing...
Do you absolutely have to live at the South Pole?
Do you actually read them all?
Do you believe that we should be enjoying frivolous things like Aikatsu at the same time?
Do you direct all of the staging, backgrounds, outfits, and lighting yourself?
Do you direct the staging, backgrounds, outfits, and lighting all yourself?
Do you do Aikatsu too?
Do you fully understand how important the Best Friends Cup is?
Do you give up?
Do you have a minute?
Do you have a moment?
Do you have any clothes like this?
"Do you have any special birthday memories?" Alicia-chan, let's start with you.
Do you have someone specific in mind?
Do you know her?
Do you know her, Aniki?
Do you know what it's usually like, Mio?
Do you know where she is?
Do you know why it only worked when we were on the big stage?
Do you know why it only worked when we were out there today?
Do you like dresses?
Do you like dresses, Momone-chan?
Do you mean!
Do you mean I'll have to create a Premium Rare Dress in three days?
Do you mean she transferred?
Do you mean that a future as bright as Love Me Tear's is before us?
Do you mean those lyrics you wrote?
Do you mean training for the upcoming event?
Do you mean you'll sponsor our tour?
Do you mind?
Do you mind having a little talk?
Do you mind if I take a closer look?
Do you mind if we observe your work?
Do you mind talking for a little?
Do you mind talking for a while?
Do you not agree they put on a fantastic performance, Kaguya-chan?
Do you perhaps the friend Maika-san was referring to was her?
Do your best!
Do your best, Aine!
Do your best, Aine-chan End of line Excuse me, Tamaki-san.
- Do your best, Aine-chan - You can do it, Aine-chan!
Do your best in the finals, for us as well.
Do your best, Pure Palette!
Do your best today! I'm rooting for you!
Do you really think so?
Do you really want to be friends with a person like me?
Do you remember about where you buried it?
Do you remember helping out at the circus during our Fan Meeting Tour odyssey?
Do you remember, Mio-chan?
Do you remember the day you had to take off sick?
Do you remember the final trial I gave you?
Do you remember this ad you did a shoot for?
Do you remember this camera?
Do you remember when me and Maika had that lacrosse contest?
Do you think a fledgling idol could win against her senpai, not to mention a magic-wielding idol?
Do you think a fledgling idol could win against her senpai, not to mention one who can use magic?
Do you think I can do it?
Do you think I can possibly win against those two?
Do you think I've awakened to my own frienergy now that I jumped into the river?
Do you think I've awakened to my own frienergy too because I jumped into the river?
Do you think Mio-chan looks kind of tired?
Do you think perhaps the friend Maika-san was referring to was her?
Do you think so?
Do you think things are fine as they are, Mio?
Do you think we can be Friends even with all the distance between Nagoya and Tokyo?
Do you think we can be Friends with all the distance between Nagoya and Tokyo?
Do you think we should really give Aine-chan some space like she asked?
Do you think we should really give Aine-chan space like she asked?
Do you think you can continue being Friends with Aine?
Do you think you can keep your Friends with Aine going?
Do you truly need to return to your homeland that urgently?
Do you ultimately want to end up like them?
Do you understand what you've done, Noto Kagami?
Do you want to be in the event with Mio-chan then? Just as her assistant.
Do you want to come and join us permanently?
Do you want to come and work regularly here?
Do you want to see her in pain so badly?
DPL's specialty, Dream Barbecue is the best!
Dramatically at a movie theater...
Dramatically in the form of a game...
Dramatic confession!
Dramatic Confession!
- Dramatic shite Romantic shite omoide tsukuro! Boys & Girls Good tidings we bring To you and your kin We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year
draws while dancing Let's welcome Odorinagara Kakunosuke-san!
Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode
Dress designing can't be mastered that easily.
Dress design isn't that easy.
Dresses and accessories are indispensable parts of enhancing yourself.
Dresses and accessories are indispensable tools for enhancing yourself.
Dresses are an idol's friend too.
Dresses are an idol's greatest ally.
Dresses are friends, huh...
Dresses are indispensable for idols.
Dresses designed by Onee-sama...
Dressing Room 1 Pure Palette Yuuki Aine Minato Mio m 722 150 l 1009 106 l 1008 169 l 722 209 Wow, awesome!
- Dress up how you like, switch it up - jiyuu ni moodo switching And once again I am changing, I like it hora mata kawaru watashi like it And once again I am changing, I like it hora mata kawaru watashi like it 365° of changing changing 365° no changing changing
- Dress up how you like, switch it up - jiyuu ni moodo switching - Dress up how you like, switch it up - jiyuu ni moodo switching And once again I am changing hora mata kawaru watashi And once again I am changing hora mata kawaru watashi Into the next me, I like it
Dropped?
Dual wield?
Dub challenge Mio.
Due to the surrounding mountains and harsh conditions, we rarely get outside visitors.
During her previous run, nobody knew that she was the princess of Solvette.
during the Diamond Friends Cup...
During the final screening of that idol audition, Wakaba was trying to imitate her childhood friend, but halfway through, she got so excited she started doing Aine-chan's dance.
During the space walk examination, we need to be able to simulate being in zero gravity.
- During tomorrow's finals, I'll leave the choice of whether to release the Love Me Zone entirely up to you.
During tomorrow's finals, I'll leave the choice to release the Love Me Zone up to you.
- During tomorrow's finals, I'll leave the choice to unleash the Love Me Zone to you.
During your most trying trials, they're the closest support you'll have by your side.
Each and every dress I've worn is a precious memory of my time as an idol.
Each and every friend...
- Each brand will be put to the test in a race that's predicted to be borderline lethal.
Each Friends is splendid in their own way.
Each Friends pair had a present exchange, and I received a very special gift from Aine.
Each Friends unit will give a single performance.
- Each idol has their own way of growing, so there's no one right answer.
Each individual venue will be small, but that'll allow you to foster more intimacy with your fans.
Each is a cultural art steeped in tradition.
Each is a traditional cultural art in its own right.
Each person's frienergy pushes me a little further forward.
Earlier, I sought another divination regarding how we could prevent Kaguya-chan's misfortune.
Early on, I tried figuring out what kind of coords matched my image by analyzing objective reactions.
Earnest clash, huh.
Earth creates a force called gravity, which is what keeps you on the ground.
Eating is a part of training too.
Eating more is bad for you.
Eat this!
Eat this and cheer up!
Eat up and blow away those jitters!
Eat up before it melts.
Eccentric! Unusual! Marvelous! Exceptional!
- Eccentric! Unusual! Marvelous! Exceptional! - Kibatsu! dokutoku! yuiitsu! tokubetsu!
Economizing.
Eeny, meeny, miny, mo...
Eeny, meeny, miny, moe...
E-Excuse me, could you shake my hand?
E-Excuse me, if you have the time, would you help us with the party?
E-Excuse me, Mio-chan. I always look forward to seeing you in Aikatsu Style Times.
E-Explosion?!
Eh?
Ehh?!
"Ehh?!" is what we should be saying here.
- Ehh?!! When, when?!
Eight-hundred one, eight-hundred two, eight-hundred three, eight-hundred four...
Either way!
Either way, I'm gonna do everything I can.
Either way, they'll be tough to beat!
Ema!
Ema?
Ema.
Ema...
- Ema-chan!
"Ema-chan"!
Ema-chan!
Ema-chan?!
Ema-chan and Maika-chan!
Ema-chan and Maika-chan are amazing!
Ema-chan and Maika-chan are total opposites, but when they're together, they shine way brighter than either does on her own!
Ema-chan and Maika-chan can definitely do it together!
Ema-chan and Maika-chan can get past all that if they go at it together.
Ema-chan and Maika-chan decided to go on a Fan Meeting Tour to find what they were missing as Honey Cat.
Ema-chan and Maika-chan have been doing nothing but argue these last few days.
Ema-chan and Maika-chan have been doing nothing but arguing these last few days.
Ema-chan and Maika-chan make up Honey Cat.
Ema-chan and Maika-chan were more brilliant than ever before.
Ema-chan and Maika were both pretty popular on their own, so their fans only multiplied when they became Friends.
Ema-chan has good taste and an eye for style on top of being a well of originality.
Ema-chan has the sense for it and a good style to boot. Plus her concepts are full of originality.
Ema-chan is more than just an idol—she's a lacrosse expert too!
Ema-chan is more than just an idol—she's a lacrosse star too!
Ema-chan, Maika.
Ema-chan, Maika...
Ema-chan! Maika.
Ema-chan, Maika-chan!
Ema-chan, Maika-chan.
Ema-chan, Maika-chan, good morning.
Ema-chan, Maika-chan! Good morning.
Ema-chan's amazing! It looks like she'll be able to pull off an amazing Best Friends Rare Dress right away!
Ema-chan's brand Colorful Shake is pop and super cute!
Ema-chan seems like she'll become the leader who brings them all together.
Ema-chan tried to quit the team to focus just on her Aikatsu.
Ema-chan tried to quit the team to focus on her Aikatsu.
Ema-chan, uncle!
Ema-chan, will you be my friend?
Ema-chan, you really do love Maika-chan.
Ema-chan, you were a detective?!
Ema did it last year, so she knows the deal.
Ema Ema Aine Aine And that includes us.
Ema, good job!
Ema has starred in an action movie before.
Ema! I challenge you to a lacrosse match!
Ema is Ema.
Ema, let's do this!
Ema, let's go out and find the future of Honey Cat!
Ema, Maika, I'll have you two handle this pair.
Ema mistook something else for them!
Ema mistook them for something else!
Ema-oneechan! Sakuya-oneechan!
Ema quit her lacrosse team?!
Ema-san!
Ema-san, Maika-san, I can't thank you enough.
Ema-san, Maika-san, thank you again for all your help.
Ema-senpai.
Ema-senpai and Maika-chan are facing off in lacrosse!
Ema-senpai and Maika-chan were already incredible on their own.
Ema-senpai and Maika-chan were already incredible when they were solo.
Ema should already know, since she did it last year.
Ema's performance gave me courage.
Ema's quitting her lacrosse team?!
Ema's starred in an action movie before.
Ema... Thanks.
Ema, think back! Remember when we went sky diving!
Ema, think back! Remember when we went skydiving!
Ema, we can use those.
Ema, we'll have to continue this later.
Ema, you have to see this!
Ema, you think we could use this on our tour?
Emblem of happiness...
emotions and fashion tsumari wa kokoro mo fasshon mo What I'm saying is that emotions and fashion tsumari wa kokoro mo fasshon mo - Just want to be pretty, just want to show off me - kirei de itai hajiketeitai - Just want to be pretty, just want to show off me - kirei de itai hajiketeitai - Just want to be pretty, just want to show off me - kirei de itai hajiketeitai
Emptiness, uncertainty, the sorrow of parting kokoro motonashi nagorioshii kedo Emptiness, uncertainty, the sorrow of parting kokoro motonashi nagorioshii kedo Emptiness, uncertainty, the sorrow of parting kokoro motonashi nagorioshii kedo Emptiness, uncertainty, the sorrow of parting kokoro motonashi nagorioshii kedo - Yet we must return to tell our lunar friends - tsuki ni kaette tsutae ni yukou - Yet we must return to tell our lunar friends - tsuki ni kaette tsutae ni yukou
Encore! Encore! Encore!
Endearing, so enticing, this world is entertaining wokashi, itowokashi kono yo wa tanoshii - Endearing, so enticing, this world is entertaining - wokashi, itowokashi kono yo wa tanoshii - An unsatable curiosity, the genesis of creation - sawagu koukishin souzou no jeneshisu - An unsatable curiosity, the genesis of creation - sawagu koukishin souzou no jeneshisu
Endless na yume wo te ni iretai?
Endless possibilities?
Endless possibilities are formed. That's one of the best things about Friends.
Endurance?
Endurance and expression are both important.
Endurance and expressiveness are both important.
En garde!
En guard!
Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki I'm Pure Palette's manager, Enjouji Tamaki.
Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki Enjouji Tamaki It's a pleasure to meet you.
Enjoy!
Enjoy.
Enjoy my kick!
Enough now that I can talk to you like this.
Enough talk, it's time to eat.
Enough to become Friends with you?
ENTRANCE All Island Fan Meeting Tour Bringing the Storm Bringing the Storm I'm so happy.
Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Studio number two is on the third floor.
Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Entry Pass Understood.
Entry sheet?
Entry Sheet It asks for basic stuff like your height and weight, plus you answer several other questions in advance to save time later.
envision this as Mio's room.
Especially from you, Mio-san.
Especially since becoming Diamond Friends, Pure Palette has been known as the most intimate friends of all.
Especially since becoming Diamond Friends, Pure Palette has been known as the most intimate Friends of them all.
Especially since Best Friends Rare Dresses are the face of a brand.
Especially the more you've built it up inside you.
Especially this stuffed...
Especially when I imagine myself as the one doing it.
Especially when I imagine myself doing it.
Especially when you strove so hard for it.
Essential to being an idol?
Eureka!
Ev!
Even as we've gone temporarily solo...
Even athletes like Maika-chan and Ema-chan are having a hard time.
Even a tiger!
Even back when we put Pure Palette on hold, it wasn't because of an argument.
Even boys want to confess!
- Even darkness is under our control forevermore - yami sae omoi doori itsudemo - Even darkness is under our control forevermore - yami sae omoi doori itsudemo - Even darkness is under our control forevermore - yami sae omoi doori itsudemo - Even darkness is under our control forevermore - yami sae omoi doori itsudemo
Even detours can be fun when you're with a friend.
Even faced with Karen-san's brunique trials, Maika-chan and Ema-chan pulled through using the Friends power they gathered from all their fans.
Even ghosts couldn't stand to curse people 24/7 all year round.
Even here!
Even hotter and fiercer!
Even I cannot wake her in that state!
Even if a ghost appears, leave it to Onee-san!
Even if Aikatsu is banned, you never said sit-in protests were.
Even if I can't create a design big bang myself...
Even if I can't make a design big bang myself...
Even if I could fill in for the divination, the song worries me.
Even if I had a million friends, I'd still choose you!
Even if I myself were to hate Aikatsu, extending the prohibition to the people is something that must never happen.
Even if I myself were to hate Aikatsu, forcing the people to be prohibited from it So smile, Shune.
Even if I still can't reach you quite yet...
Even if it sounds trivial and stupid to outsiders, being able to let someone into your heart and still fight is what makes you Friends.
Even if it sounds trivial from the outside, letting someone so deep inside your heart that you fight is what makes you Friends.
Even if it's similar, it'll still take time to change the backgrounds...
Even if it was only a short while, I had fun doing Aikatsu with you.
Even if I wanted to be friends, I couldn't work up the courage to say so.
Even if she's no longer your teacher, your relationship will continue in a different form.
Even if that means giving up on our marriage, I won't!
Even if the whole world freezes over, my heart will burn like a phoenix.
Even if the wrath of heaven rains down upon us with thunder and lightning, even if a thousand storms rip apart the earth we stand upon, will you vow to stand beside me always?
Even if they couldn't make it here today, all your friends and fans are cheering for you from Nagoya.
Even if this very universe were to meet its end, we will be always together, Princess.
Even if we can't talk, I can kind of tell what's on his mind.
Even if we couldn't this time, then someday, for sure!
Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo
Even if we're apart, our hearts will be together.
Even if we're siblings, I'll never choose anyone other than Kaguya-chan.
Even if we somehow managed to beat you, that victory wouldn't count!
- Even if we somehow managed to beat you, that wouldn't count as a victory!
Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni - If we're together - If we're together - Issho nara - issho nara
Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni If we're together If we're together issho nara issho nara We stand back up and get even stronger
Even if we were to be reborn umarekawatta sono ato mo We would still go together sou futari de ikeru We would still go together sou futari de ikeru We would still go together sou futari de ikeru Hibiki, my chest is hot.
even if you'll fall to pieces Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces Even if you come to regret it,
even if you'll fall to pieces nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte nanika wo koukai shitatte
Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it
Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte
Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone Hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away
Even if you're a witch, I definitely won't lose!
Even I'm impressed by your composure after running such a long distance.
Even in high school, we're jumping right back in!
Even I understand how unacceptable this is, okay?
Even little girls like her recognize you.
Even mistakes are part of who we are.
Even Mom and Dad are still asleep.
Even now, I have every intention of reforming my Friends.
Even now, I have every intention of reuniting with my Friend.
Even now, they are an endless well of potential, capable of flying as far as you can imagine.
Even now they contain an endless well of potential to fly far beyond our wildest dreams.
Even right at the gates, we're already deep in a forest, close to the sky, and surrounded by refreshing air.
Even so!
Even so...
Even so, Aine never gave up.
Even so, from the very start, our passions for Aikatsu were aligned.
Even so, I cannot simply give my approval.
Even so, I can't help but feel that it's missing something.
Even so, I can't help but feel that something is missing.
Even so, I'll do everything I can.
- Even so, I'm going to use all of my strength to clamp onto you at your best!
- Even so, I'm going to use what strength I have to keep up with all of yours!
Even so, I'm going to use what strength I have to stick with everything you've got!
Even so, I remember it clearly.
Even so, it came as a real shock to learn how much I'd changed without realizing it.
Even so, it came as a real shock to learn how much I've changed and that I could be so oblivious to it.
Even so, it's been five years since we were last I Believe.
Even so, it's unreasonable to search this many.
Even so, I want to give our best possible performance for the finals.
Even so, I want to put on our best possible performance for the finals.
Even so, Mio never gave up and kept trying again and again.
Even so, Mio never gave up, challenging herself time and time again.
Even so, that does illustrate something important.
Even so, that illuminated something you shouldn't forget.
Even so, the lead roles of the movie belong to us, Pure Palette.
Even so, the wall of Love Me Tear extended higher than the clouds.
Even so, this is just the beginning for those two.
Even so, this movie's lead roles belong to us, Pure Palette.
Even so, we'll continue working hard to make even bigger bangs as Pure Palette!
Even so, we'll continue working hard to make even bigger big bangs as Pure Palette!
Even supposing they did, whether they would be able to save this country.
Even the cards changed! But why...
Even the full moon would look pale.
Even their unit Reflect Moon was elected to participate in the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Even the legend about the unrefined jewels becoming Jeweling Dresses and making miracles came true!
Even the most popular divination site, Yuuki Aine Minato Mio Dark Side of the Moon Dark Side of the Moon - Minato Mio-san and Yuuki Aine-san's Compatibility - Minato Mio-san and Yuuki Aine-san's Compatibility Gleaming Full Moon Gleaming Full Moon Dark Side of the Moon, gave us the top result.
Even then, I almost couldn't get it.
- Even the smallest chance.
Even the Smallest Chance Even the Smallest Chance Even the Smallest Chance Now then, I would like to cover the essentials for everyone entering the Star Harmony Cup.
Even though carriages are drawn by horses?
Even though I did this as a kid, it's still pretty scary.
Even though I'm Friends with you, it didn't quite feel real.
Even though it isn't necessary to show us such consideration...
Even though it's just acting, I'm so happy to be doing Aikatsu with Mirai-san.
Even though it's just in a drama, I'm so happy to be doing Aikatsu with Mirai-san.
- Even though I was unable to see your face, and all I heard was your voice, radio somehow gives a sense of closeness.
Even though they've made fans in every single country, they've set their sights even higher.
Even though they were so far away at first, we became friends and then rivals.
Even though we were shaking in our parachutes, everyone there with us had our backs.
- Even though you can't see the person, just hearing a voice over the radio makes you feel close.
Even though you're fighting?
Even though you're unable see the person speaking, just hearing their voice over the radio makes you feel close.
Even today, we wouldn't have made it here in time if you hadn't guided us.
Even today, we wouldn't have made it here in time if you hadn't navigated us.
Eventually, this girl and I...
- Even us both going solo...
Even we didn't make it into the Brilliant Friends Cup.
- Even we didn't make it to the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Even when apart, we still support one another.
Even when I'm speaking to your face, you only pay attention to Penne!
Even when they're apart, their hearts are united!
Even without saying everything, you can fully understand their feelings.
Even without taking one step inside, we're already deep in a forest, close to the sky, and surrounded by refreshing air.
Everest!
Ever since Hibiki-san came, amazing things keep happening left and right!
Ever since Hibiki-san showed up, amazing things keep happening left and right!
Ever since I passed that audition, I've endured lots of hard lessons, dreaming of my debut.
Ever since I passed that audition, I've endured lots of hard lessons while dreaming of my debut.
Ever since then, it's been my dream to be a moon princess.
Ever since we were children, I've done little more than chase after her from behind.
Everybody beachkatsu.
Everybody Beachkatsu!
Everybody dance!
Every day, I was filled with concern for both her and her country, the Principality of Solvette.
- Every day's a brand new world! Yeah it's a showtime! - Mainichi ga Brand-New-World sou It's a showtime!
Every designer knows that Solvette's name shows up in ancient texts about the Jeweling Dresses.
Every episode, we invite fun guests onto our show.
Every fortune telling method in history says that Aine and I are the perfect pair.
Every fortune telling method in history says that Aine and I make a perfect pair.
Every Friends competing is pumped up and ready to win.
Every Friends is chock-full of frienergy.
Every idol grows in a unique way, so there's no single right answer.
Every idol he asked balked at taking on the responsibility of replacing Love Me Tear.
- Every idols grows in a unique way, so there's no single right answer.
Every idol wants to wear a diamond encrusted dress.
Every idol wants to wear a diamond-encrusted dress.
Every nation has its own individual rules.
Every nation has its own laws.
Every once in a while, Aine does something far beyond our expectations.
Every once in a while I hit the streets to dance for research.
Every once in a while I hit the streets to dance for research purposes.
Everyone!
Everyone.
Everyone...
Everyone all together!
#EveryoneAndEverythinglMeetlsATreasure Friend Album Aine Aine Aine - Friend Album - Aine - Friend Album - Aine Friend Album How many nights have you simply lain awake in bed?
Everyone, are you having fun?
Everyone, bring it on!
Everyone came over for a Christmas party and we had a ton of fun.
Everyone, come quick!
Everyone everyone!
Everyone, get out of your seats!
Everyone gets together for a meeting before recording starts ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Everyone gets together for a meeting before recording starts.
Everyone, give your power to Aine!
Everyone, good afternoon!
Everyone, good morning!
Everyone has their own preferences!
Everyone helped plan a surprise party to welcome us back from the Principality of Solvette.
Everyone, I am pleased to announce a very special guest!
Everyone, I apologize for not being able to entertain you properly, but please make yourselves at home.
Everyone! I hope you're ready to heat things up a notch!
Everyone, I'm really sorry.
Everyone, I'm sorry.
Everyone in Solvette has a request for you!
Everyone in the audience will be the judges.
Everyone in the world?
Everyone is acting as though it's a foregone conclusion.
Everyone is acting as though our loss is inevitable.
Everyone is eagerly awaiting us to return, better than ever before.
- Everyone is free to decide their own thoughts and feelings upon seeing me.
Everyone is free to decide their own thoughts and feelings upon seeing me.
Everyone is free to decide their own thoughts and feelings when seeing me.
"Everyone is friends".
Everyone is out there waiting for you.
Everyone is smiling.
Everyone is supporting me so much, and I feel so warm inside.
Everyone is waiting for us to return, eager to see us new and improved.
Everyone, I thank you so dearly for your support.
Everyone, it's too early to be celebrating.
Everyone, it's too early to celebrate.
Everyone just keeps on becoming better friends!
Everyone, listen up!
Everyone, look!
Everyone looked exactly like us...
Everyone looked identical to us...
Everyone looks so adult.
Everyone looks so classy.
Everyone means that this'll be an all-out idol track fest.
Every one of them is my precious friend.
Everyone out there wants to make it a fun event with you.
Everyone, please give Aine your support!
Everyone, please give us your support.
Everyone, please keep on supporting Wakaba!
Everyone's brimming with excitement for this fest.
Everyone's cunique and the best they can be.
Everyone seems to be enamored with the dresses.
Everyone's got so much cunique going for them.
Everyone's got such nice smiles!
Everyone's hard work has culminated in a fantastic show.
Everyone's invited!
Everyone's looking forward to a serious battle.
- Everyone's looking forward to seeing your debut.
Everyone sounded so excited about it too...
Everyone's posting about it.
Everyone's posting about it online.
~Everyone's Sceneries~
Everyone's taking bets on whether Pure Palette will be able to defeat Love Me Tear in the finals.
Everyone's talking about the two Miracle Appeals at yesterday's semifinals during the amazing battle between Honey Cat and Pure Palette.
Everyone stand by for the first scene!
Everyone start getting into position!
Everyone's this way at first.
Everyone's too incredible...
Everyone's unique, and everyone's the best.
Everyone's unique. Everyone's the best.
Everyone's working hard.
Everyone, thanks for your letters.
Everyone, thanks for your support!
Everyone, thanks so much for approving your appearances.
Everyone, thanks so much for signing off on the program.
Everyone, thank you!
Everyone, thank you for coming!
Everyone, thank you so much for all your support.
Everyone, thank you so much for your warm support.
Everyone... that means this'll be an all-out idol fest.
Everyone, that's a dolphin!
Everyone, the results are in!
Everyone thought she and Hibiki-san would reform I Believe right away, but things were awkward between them.
Everyone thought they faced an insurmountable wall, but with this they may have done it!
Everyone wants a piece of you.
Everyone was raving about getting to see an unexpected side of Mio-chan.
Everyone, we have one last thing.
Everyone, we just remembered!
Everyone, we're finally here!
Everyone, we're here!
Everyone, we're home!
Everyone who's been supporting you in your dual-wielding path would be disappointed to hear you give up lacrosse.
Every single day?
Every single day brings with it new wonder sore ja tarinai kurai no mainichi Every single day brings with it new wonder sore ja tarinai kurai no mainichi Intriguing, so alluring, beauty is in everything omoshiro, wokashi subete utsukushii Intriguing, so alluring, beauty is in everything omoshiro, wokashi subete utsukushii
Every single idol who entered the Best Friends Cup is here!
Every single idol who entered the Best Friends Cup pitched in!
Every single one is so cute I can't possibly pick.
Every single part of it was filled with 120% Aine!
Everything about my friends, and about you... and about idols!
Everything about them since they were born is written here in detail.
Everything Aikatsu!
Everything all right?
Everything except my stuff...
Everything has been for you!
everything into this winter - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats
Everything involving completing the tasks I'm assigned is without issue.
Everything is about experience.
Everything is going smoothly thus far.
Everything is part of Aikatsu.
Everything is ready as per your instructions.
Everything I was going to use to demonstrate my skills is in the back.
Everything on our odyssey gave a boost to our training.
Everything on our odyssey was a key piece of our training.
Everything's all set.
Everything's done!
Everything's set!
Everything was for the one I love!
Everything will begin to change under its brilliance.
Everything will begin to change under its glimmer.
Everything you upload just seems so ordinary.
Every time I remember how kind you are to me despite my uselessness, I realize...
Every time you add to the funds...
Everywhere you look is I Believe, I Believe, I Believe!
Evol!
Evol...
Evol ustakia!
Evol ustakia?
Evolustakia!
Evol ustakia! Evol...
Evol ustakia! Evol ustakia!
Evol ustakia! Evol ustakia! Evol ustakia!
Evol ustakia is so much fun!
Evolustakia... What is that?
Ew, these omelette rolls don't have sugar in them.
Exactly!
Exactly.
Exactly! A camping trip!
Exactly what I said.
Excellent!
Excellent, all of the vegetables have been cut to their ideal lengths.
Excellent as always, Onee-sama!
Excellent! But it can't beat mine!
Excellent, I knew this line across the bumper would be beautiful. It's the golden ratio.
Excellent! Now that's a scale that shouts vast!
Excellent! That was a fabulous performance, Mirai.
Except now it's a penguin staring down a kitten!
Excessive exposure to...
Excited for a new challenge, Honey Cat and Reflect Moon decided to shuffle up their Friends.
excitement and inspiration ima kanjiteru tokimeki no kimochi Just follow the trail of your excitement and inspiration ima kanjiteru tokimeki no kimochi Let's share in it shea shiyou Let's share in it shea shiyou What I'm saying is that emotions and fashion tsumari wa kokoro mo fasshon mo What I'm saying is that
Exclusive interview with I Believe!!
Excursion?
Excuse me!
Excuse me?
Excuse me.
Excuse me...
Excuse me, Aine-san? Are you implying that I'm no longer that way?
Excuse me, Aine-san? Are you implying that I'm not anymore?
Excuse me, aren't you Shirayuri Sakuya-chan?
Excuse me, are you okay?
Excuse me, could I get a hand?
Excuse me, Director. Do you mind?
Excuse me, Hibiki-san, is it true that you did Aikatsu in space?
Excuse me, I just remembered I have more work to do.
Excuse me, I'm sorry to intrude while you're so busy.
Excuse me, I'm terribly sorry about this, but it seems like Mio is feeling too under the weather...
Excuse me, I'm terribly sorry about this, but it seems like Mio is feeling under the weather...
Excuse me, is Chiharu-san here?
Excuse me, may I ask you something?
Excuse me, Monsieur.
Excuse me, please go on standby.
Excuse me, please stop recording for now!
Excuse the interruption. I've brought her.
Excuse us!
Excuse us.
Exhausted by days of endless work, we had no spare time to buy presents.
Expanding harmony.
Explain yourself!
Explain yourselves.
Explosive Adventure on Volcano Island!
Explosive★Adventure on Volcano Island!
Eye on the shore and go!
Faced with your radiance, even the full moon would look dull.
Face the might of Honey Cat's true skills!
FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL FAIL Don't push yourself too hard, Nico!
Failing to take care of yourself means failure as an idol.
Falconry?
- Falling incessantly from the night sky, shining shooting stars.
- Falling incessantly from the night sky, shining shooting stars. - The love meteor shower from Love Me Tear - Captured the hearts of their large audience.
Familiar... familiar...
Fan Meeting Concert A worldwide fan meeting tour.
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This time around the world!
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This time around the world! - This time around the world!
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This time around the world!
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This time around the world! - This time around the world!
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 -
- Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 What exactly are friends?
Fans are friends! Cards are friends!
Fans are friends too!
Farewell, our planet.
Far more incredible than a mere blue moon sugoi nante tsukinami na kotoba Far more incredible than a mere blue moon sugoi nante tsukinami na kotoba Every single day brings with it new wonder sore ja tarinai kurai no mainichi Every single day brings with it new wonder sore ja tarinai kurai no mainichi
Father!
Father? Then you're...
Father, you mustn't push yourself.
- Favorite ldol Rank - Favorite ldol Rank - Minato Mio - Minato Mio - Idol Profile - Idol Profile - Star Harmony Academy Idol Track Year 2 - Star Harmony Academy Idol Track Year 2 - One of the most talented idols among everyone her age. - One of the most talented idols among everyone her age. - In Friends "Pure Palette" with Yuuki Aine. - In Friends "Pure Palette" with Yuuki Aine.
Favorite ldol Rank Favorite ldol Rank Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Idol Profile Idol Profile Star Harmony Academy Idol Track Year 2 Star Harmony Academy Idol Track Year 2 Made idol debut this year. In Friends "Pure Palette" with Minato Mio Made idol debut this year. In Friends "Pure Palette" with Minato Mio
Feared by everyone, her only friends the chirping songbirds by her side hitobito kara osorerarete tomodachi wa kotori dake Feared by everyone, her only friends the chirping songbirds by her side hitobito kara osorerarete tomodachi wa kotori dake And then a certain night, entranced by the moonlight, she was led deep into the forest
Featured Brands Featured Brands ~Everyone's Sceneries~
Feel free to come on up.
Feel free to stop on by How's this?
- Feel free to stop on by - m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 - Feel free to stop on by - m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872
Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838
Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838
Feeling okay? Not nervous or anything?
Feeling your presence chasing after me pushed me forward.
Feels like a powerful new rivals has risen.
Feels like a powerful rival has emerged.
Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh
- Feminine? - Feminin?
- Feminine? - Feminin? - Feminine? - Feminin?
Fend them off right or I can't even act my part out!
Fend them off right or I can't even get to the acting!
Fest?
F-F-Frogs...
Fight!
Fight by my side!
Fight Fight Maika!!
Fight, Maika! Brilliant Friends Cup Champion!
Fight, Maika! Brilliant Friends Cup Victory!
Figure it out for yourself if you want to be an amaaazing idol!
Filling the middle is a rich and creamy chocolate ganache.
Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu
- Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more
Fill out your answers to my questions on the sheets in front of you.
Fill out your answers to the questions I'm about to ask on the sheets in front of you.
Filming always goes smoothly with you on set, Mirai-chan.
Filming starts tomorrow at six pm.
Finally!
Finally achieving it is a dream come true.
- Finally I can hear the ding and dong I've been waiting for - korette omotta pin to pon to kichatta Glimmering sparkling glittering now pikatte kiratte hikatteta Glimmering sparkling glittering now pikatte kiratte hikatteta - A lovely loving idiomatic idea that begins with I - sukitte suteki na I no aikotoba ne
Finally, your Aikatsu Binder.
Find... my determination.
Fine!
Fine.
Fine. Thank you, you're too kind.
Fine, then!
Fine, then! I can't betray Aine's expectations.
- Fingertips - yubisaki Light hikari Light hikari Revolution kakumei Revolution kakumei I closed myself countless times nandomo fusagi I closed myself countless times nandomo fusagi I came for you countless times nandomo mukatte I came for you countless times nandomo mukatte But no matter how long the road dore dake tooi michi demo
Finished!
Finishing move!
Fireworks? Is her dad a firework maker or something?
First and foremost, you want to pay attention to the racing machines.
First, I decided on a general theme for the show.
First, I decided on a theme for what direction to take the show in.
First I draw an outline of the dress.
First I draw for the overall feel of the dress.
First, I must apologize for keeping secret my own involvement in Aikatsu.
- First in class - A surprise?! - First in class - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Character collapse - Character collapse - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
First, in order to assess your abilities, I'll ask you to perform a simple skit.
First, I would like to learn more about this frienergy of yours.
First, Love Me Tear.
First off, a scouting mission here.
First off, congrats on getting into the Brilliant Friends Cup.
First off, let's go check out the venue.
- First off, your Aikatsu Pass identifies you as an idol.
- First off, your Aikatsu Pass is the proof you're an idol.
First off, your Aikatsu Pass is your idol identification.
First Pitch Aikatsu!
First, Pure Palette, and second, Shirayuri Sakuya-san.
First sight, first sight...
First, take note of this grill.
First the unrefined jewel showed up, then it glowed brilliantly, and finally it was reborn into a Jeweling Dress.
First thing to do is, let's see...
First, to all of our endlessly supportive fans.
First up is a question from radio name Pon-chan-san.
First up is Minato Mio!
First up is your Aikatsu Pass and Aikatsu Mobile.
First we have I Believe!
First, we have to practice how to act like we're floating on the surface of the moon.
First, we have to practice how to walk like we're really on the surface of the moon.
First we'll need to decide a theme for our stage.
First you have to tell them the truth, and then we can focus on getting better to make it next time.
First you have to tell them the truth, and then we can focus on making it next time.
First, you should practice vocalization with lip rolls.
Five! Four! Three! Two! One!
Five seconds!
Five seconds to start!
Five, six, seven, eight!
Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training Look at all these.
Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2
Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training You're studying here?
Five years?
Five years.
Five years ago, we became Friends knowing nothing of each other.
Five years ago, we went our separate ways.
Five years ago, you told me that I wasn't worthy of you.
Fixed.
Flap, flap...
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee.
Flowers Cake Money Poisonous Mushrooms What present does that animal then give to you?
Flowers of the World Flowers of the World Flowers of the World Birds of the World Birds of the World Birds of the World - Ocean Flora and Fauna - Highland Flaura City and Garden Flora Japan Mush-rooms Fish Mammals Gems and Minerals Extinct Animals Space Insects Birds Yeah, I can definitely
- Fluffy Puffy Petting Zoo - Fluffy Puffy Petting Zoo So fluffy!
Fly.
Fly, fly!
Fly-kun!
Focus!
Focus on your own performance first!
Folk dances are a part of fests, and you can't have a fest without me.
Following all the sightings of you two posted online gave me a spark.
Following people's sightings of you online gave me a spark.
Following the handshake event is a mini-live.
Following the manual gets a no, thank you Following the manual gets a no, thank you Following the manual gets a no, thank you manyuaru doori wa No thank you manyuaru doori wa No thank you manyuaru doori wa No thank you - Everyone's answer follows their own rules - kotae wa sorezore no ruuru - Everyone's answer follows their own
Follow me!
Follow me. I'll show you where to find our manager, Tamaki-san.
Follow the route to link eternally and you'll find an endless horizon towa ni rinku suru ruuto shikai wa saewatatte Follow the route to link eternally and you'll find an endless horizon towa ni rinku suru ruuto shikai wa saewatatte Follow the route to link eternally and you'll find an endless horizon
Follow the route to link eternally towa ni rinku suru ruuto Follow the route to link eternally towa ni rinku suru ruuto Follow the route to link eternally towa ni rinku suru ruuto Follow the route to link eternally towa ni rinku suru ruuto And you'll find an endless horizon
Food cooked to specification must indeed be delicious!
Food like this is not nearly enough to make me happy!
Foodstuffs - List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs - List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs - List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs
For Alicia-sama's smile?
For all eternity.
For all our fans.
For as long as I leave, the Earth and Moon will not fall to war.
For each performance to spread more love than the last.
For Ema-chan and Maika-chan's Honey Cat as well, their number of fans shot up when they released their original dress.
Forever!
For everyone's smiles, I will devote my everything to Aikatsu.
For example, trying to make an entire bathtub full of pudding!
For five years.
Forget about acting, and sing to beat Mirai-chan for real.
- Forget about a prince, there isn't even a single other person around.
Forget about a prince, you're not going to find anyone else around here.
Forget about sending her off, we need to go too.
Forgive me.
Forgive me for surprising you.
Forgive me for the delay, Princess.
For her, I will do any Aikatsu, anywhere.
For her to reach that point, we need to release the Love Me Zone and unleash the potential that lies beyond our limits.
For her to reach that point, we need to unleash the Love Me Zone and harness the potential that lies beyond our limits.
For Honey Cat, and for all our fans.
For humans too?
For instance...
For instance, snowmen or ice sculptures.
For instance, something like a fan meeting! What do you think?
For large events such as pro sports or concerts, the action is broadcast on a large screen at separate locations so that people who couldn't attend can still fully enjoy them with all the same intensity.
For large events such as sports fixtures or concerts, the action is broadcast on a large screen at a different location so that people who couldn't attend can still enjoy them with the intensity of a crowd.
For me?
For me, it's my fans being my precious, irreplaceable friends.
For me to become Diamond Friends...
For me to do Aikatsu?
For me to shine even brighter, I need you by my side!
Forming Friends, gaining fans, and doing a Friends Appeal.
Forming Friends, gaining fans, and even doing a Friends Appeal.
For Mirai-san who assigned me the role, the director who has high hopes for me, and Mio-chan who came all this way for me.
For much?
For my own part, I won't demand you be that ambitious right away.
For now, just go straight home and rest up.
For now, we're resuming the shoot.
For one, no children were able to come to our shows because the tickets would sell out immediately.
For pop type, maybe along these lines?
For pop-type, maybe along these lines?
For real?
For real?!
For real? Congrats!
For real, I have to practice!
For real? My lacrosse camp...
For real? That's crazy!
For real? That's way too crazy!
For real? Who gave you that crazy idea?
For research?
For Sakuya-san?
For so long as I leave, the Earth and Moon will not fall to war.
For so long you have been like my siblings, my confidants...
For some people, what they say isn't always what they mean.
- For some people, what they say isn't what they mean.
For some reason, my heart skipped a beat.
For some reason, the locals are trying to keep their distance from Aikatsu.
For some reason, the locals were extremely wary of trying Aikatsu.
For some reason, you appear to be surrounded by a dark aura.
For sure!
For that dance...
For that kind of thing, you'd probably get better advice from Chiharu-san.
For that step...
For the country of Solvette.
For the next two weeks, our guests will be these popular idols...
For the record, a penguin pair means becoming mates. In other words, becoming husband and wife.
For the sake of everyone's smiles.
For the smiles of everyone in Solvette, we'll bring it on as the fest's producers!
- For this Brilliant Friends Cup - winners are...
- For those puppy eyes - uwamuki aizu - For those puppy eyes - uwamuki aizu - Make it look as natural as can be! - Bacchiri nachuraru de ikou!
For today's finals against Pure Palette, Love Me Tear will release the Love Me Zone, Just what we wanted!
For true Best Friends, clashing like them is good!
Fortune visits those who smile.
For us to become the greatest of Friends, Diamond Friends...
For us to become the masters, we would have to surpass Karen-san.
For us to truly believe in one another.
- Forward as it may be, I am accompanying as their manager as well.
- Forward as it may be, I will accompany them as their manager.
Forward as it may be, I will be accompanying them as their manager.
For you, Aine!
For you, Karen.
For you, Mirai.
For you! This is the tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich, Aine version!
Found it!
Found it! Dark Side of the Moon's traveling fortune tent!
Found it, found it, found it!
Found it! It's the time capsule!
Four! Three!
Four. Three.
Four Week Present Campaign Five three-variety sets of Aikatsu Binders will be given out each week Five three-variety sets of Aikatsu Binders will be given out each week Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto
Four Week Present Campaign Summer vacation! Bring it on!
France for sure, right?
Frankly, if you were to continue your hiatus indefinitely, we would not be troubled in the slightest.
Frankly, it's A-san's fault for trying to lie to her friend!
- Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes - Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes
Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes Fresh Raspberry Chocolate Pancakes The fresh raspberry chocolate pancakes!
Fried Shrimp Bento Fried Shrimp Bento Nagoya Specialty Nagoya Specialty I bought a fried shrimp bento.
Friend Album Aine Aine Aine - Friend Album - Aine - Friend Album - Aine Friend Album How many nights have you simply lain awake in bed?
Friend Album Aine Me and Mio-chan at our first stage It wasn't a dream!
- Friend Album But it's not the number that matters.
Friend Album Friend Album Friend Album Friend Album Koume-chan - Next class over - Tomo-chan - Konomi-chan - Megu-chan - Mami-chan - Aine - Mako-chan - Yuu-chan and Miki-chan from Class E - Best friends! - Momo-chan - Aya-chan - Kasumi-chan Megu-chan Megu-chan Yaohachi's daughter - Happy Bakery's Husband and Wife - Couple
Friend chocolate... Not a bad idea, but everyone already does that.
Friendcoming party.
Friendgram? Do you mean Friendstagram?
FriendLINE?
- FriendLine - Morning, Aine!
FriendLine Morning, Aine!
- FriendLINE - New Message - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well?
Friendom TV!
Friend Record TV!
Friends?
Friends?!
Friends...
Friends Alone Friends Alone Friends Alone Huh?
Friends are a special relationship, at once both companions and rivals.
Friends are only able to remain as such so long as each partner can improve the other.
Friends are only able to remain as such so long as each partner carries her own weight.
Friends are so nice...
Friends are the best!
Friends by yourself.
Friends don't only run to each others rescue.
﻿Friendship is great! Friends are great!
Friendship with your fans.
Friends power...
Friends really are the best!
Friends really are the best.
Friends supporting other Friends.
Friendsta!
Friendsta? Do you mean Friendstagram?
Friends that reach this location will be allowed a performance that will be broadcast live across Japan.
Friends this, Friends that...
Friends will naturally have the same goal.
Frienergy!
Frienergy...
Frienergy being an energy that draws friends to her?
Frienergy is amazing!
Frienergy m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 from Kagami-kun?
Frienergy, make it!
FrienLine Unlock SOS?
From a young age, I was fixated on mastering my own way.
From Carmen-san in Spain, "Honey Cat, I can't wait any longer." Li-san from Hong Kong says he's waiting too.
from Friendsta for the time being.
From here on out, we'll show you our view on the vastness of space!
From here on out, we'll show you views from space like only we can!
From here on, Pure Palette will enter the fray of Aikatsu.
From here on, Pure Palette will enter the true fray of Aikatsu.
From here to there are magazine clippings.
From Love Me Tear.
From Love Me Tear, with love!
From Mirai-san?
From Mirai to the future.
From Mirai to the Future!
From now on...
From now on, I'll have to work hard all on my own.
From now on, I'll walk forward on my own!
From now on, we'll have to up how seriously we do our Aikatsu.
From now on, you can walk on your own.
From outside? What's going on?
From pen name Dream Maiden-san.
From Pure Palette!
From Pure Palette, it's Yuuki Aine!
From Pure Palette, Minato Mio-san and Yuuki Aine-san.
From Reflect Moon, Shirayuri Sakuya-san and Shirayuri Kaguya-san.
From Sugar Melody, Yuuki Aine, on stage!
from Suzuki Tofu - Yaohachi's daughter - Guy from Dream Stationary - Book Center's Oogane - Uona's daughter - Flower shop's Filling out your Friend Album?
From the day Pure Palette was formed, they have grown and accomplished an unbelievable amount of things as Friends.
From the middle!
From the moment I read the script, I couldn't imagine anyone else but her!
From the moment they formed a Friends unit and became Love Me Tear...
From the moment you stepped upon the stage as Friends, we became equal in status.
From the sound of it, you were not the one who ordered this Aikatsu ban?
- From the very beginning, the point Miracle Audition was to raise a star of the next idol generation.
From the White Team and singing next is Hinata Ema-chan.
From what I hear, you lot go around spreading lies about granting happiness to people in your pursuit of brainwashing slaves by the name of "fans".
From whence do you come?
From your perspective, what kind of image do I give off?
Front Lines on the Street Front Lines on the Street Front Lines on the Street What's that Craze?
Froze...
Fruit cough drops Fruit cough drops Masks Masks It's pretty stuffed now.
Fruit milk is the best!
Full moon premonition.
Full Moon Premonition Full Moon Premonition Full Moon Premonition Spare me, Sakuya-oneesama.
Full Moon Radiance.
Full Moon Radiance Full Moon Radiance Full Moon Radiance Kaguya-chan and I have been together from our moment of birth.
fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa
fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto Takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto
fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever
fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa - takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Takamare! shinjitemite yo motto - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - takamare! shinjitemite yo motto - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more
futatsu itsumo futatsu itsuka I will come to understand the meaning behind it all imi ga aru koto nara wakatteiru no I will come to understand the meaning behind it all imi ga aru koto nara wakatteiru no Firstly locked away, firstly opened up hitotsu tozasu hitotsu hiraku Firstly locked away, firstly opened up
futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality
fuwatto arenji shite Tease and fluff out the volume fuwatto arenji shite Don't worry about being skilled or not until you're finished tokui to ka futokui wa ato kara kangaete Don't worry about being skilled or not until you're finished tokui to ka futokui wa ato kara kangaete Just follow the trail of your
Gain her acknowledgment, and you'll become Dancing Mirage's muse for sure.
Galaxy tote!
- Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote - Galaxy Tote To top it all off, please enjoy this performance by Honey Cat!
Gather a lot and fill up your binder like Mio has.
Gather a lot and fill your binder like Mio has.
Gather around, girls. I'll get your makeup done in a jiffy.
Gather, Friends! Autumn of Aikatsu.
Gather, Friends♪ Autumn of Aikatsu☆ Gather, Friends♪ Autumn of Aikatsu☆ Gather, Friends♪ Autumn of Aikatsu☆ I feel like my heart's about to burst.
Gather round, girls. I'll get your makeup done in a jiffy.
Gave me her favorite sticker m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 She's the oldest in her kindergarten class.
Gaze up at the moon and bathe in its radiance, Princess Kaguya!
Gaze up at the moon and bathe in its radiance, Princess Kaguya.
Gaze up at the moon and bloom, flower of the night on this stage of dreams.
Gaze up at the moon, and make this flower blossom...
Gaze up at the moon, and make this flower blossom on the stage of dreams!
Gaze up at the moon, and make this flower blossom on the stage of dreams.
Geez!
Geez.
Geez...
Geez, acting without permission again...
Geez, all because you had to make a big deal out of nothing.
Geez, don't scare me like that!
Geez, I have no idea what coord we should be wearing for the audition!
Geez, just when I thought you couldn't get any more adorable, I find out you're afraid of ghosts.
Geez, she really can't keep still whenever she hears about a festival.
Geez, she really can't keep still whenever there's a festival in the picture.
Geez, those boys are almost impossible to catch.
Geez, those boys are impossible to catch.
Geez, you really caught me off guard.
Geez, you're still such a scaredy-cat when it comes to ghosts.
- General curriculum classes aren't in the same building as the idol ones.
General Track Class 1-F General Track Class 1-F Attendance Number 32 Attendance Number 32 Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine There's no end to the idols who want to pair with you, so why pick a girl from the general track?
genki ippai sawagou yo As our rings combine and expand wa to wa ga hirogatteku As our rings combine and expand wa to wa ga hirogatteku As our rings combine and expand wa to wa ga hirogatteku Now let's Aikatsu together!
Gentle and overflowing with love...
Gentle falling light on a spring day...
Gently grasping our hands, instilling us with passion, and forcing us back up to our feet.
Get Alicia-sama's smile back!
Get all four answers spot-on the same!
Get back here!
Get her approval, and you'll become Dancing Mirage's muse for sure.
Get on, Sakuya-chan. I'll carry you.
Get ready!
Get ready, because here I come!
Get ready for a taste of the serious Love Me Tear.
Get ready for it!
Get ready to see it like you've never seen before!
Get the robber!
Getting ready well in advance is important.
Getting to spend time with you all, I had so much fun, and I'm so happy...
Get used to using Friendsta too, would you?
Get your passport early!
G-Girly Cat! Let's mop up these enemies!
G-Good idea, Girly Honey!
G-Good morning!
ginga ni hibikiwatari - Light bursts forth from between our hands - hikari wa kono te no naka - Light bursts forth from between our hands - hikari wa kono te no naka - Light bursts forth from between our hands - hikari wa kono te no naka - Light bursts forth from between our hands - hikari wa kono te no naka
Girls!
Girls.
Girls...
Girls, I'm counting on you!
Girls, it's about time to head out.
Girls, it's time to get going.
Girls... Just call me Hibiki.
Girls, please treat Kagami well.
Girls, sorry we kept you waiting!
Girls, thank you for giving Kaguya-chan so much helpful advice.
Girls, you get what we mean?
Girly Cat and Girly Honey...
- Girly? - Gaarii?
Girly Honey, beat them up!
Give it all you've got.
Give it a try.
Give it a try. Go!
Give it your best shot.
Give me a break.
Give me a break...
Give me a call if you're gonna perform!
Give me a hint!
Given the chance, I'd rather take the refined choice of a cruise ship.
Given the chance, wouldn't you want to make a mindblowing video for all your fans?
Given your already tight schedules, how well are your travel preparations going?
Given your tight schedules, how are you handling the travel preparations?
Give the best food report you can for these moon dango.
Give us directions to the venue, Coco-chan!
Give your cats a taste!
Give yourself in!
Gladly!
Gladly, we'd love to help you!
Glad to be here!
Glad to have you back here, Aine-chan.
Glad to hear it.
Glad to hear it, since you have a hundred meetings left tonight.
Glorious Snow Dress...
Go!
Go ahead.
Go ahead, Aine-chan.
Goal!
Goal is to make a million friends Goal is to make a million friends Past Rank: Past Rank: None None Friends Partner: Friends Partner: Minato Mio Minato Mio Arigato Daijoubu Arigato Daijoubu What?! I'm number 50!
Go along with each of them and train up their acting chops.
Go and prove your manliness, Maito!
God, I can't take this!
God! Please make it sunny tomorrow!
Go for it, Chi-chan!
Go for it, go for it, Maika!
Go get 'em!
Go, Girly Cat!
Go, go!
Go Go Friends!
Go! Go! Principality of Solvette.
Go here... then do this.
Go home.
Go home for the day.
Going head to head with the Diamond Friends Love Me Tear in the first round will be Reflect Moon!
Going head to head with the Diamond Friends Love Me Tear on the first day will be Reflect Moon We look forward to our competition.
- Going her own way - Will there be a second Miracle Audition? - Wakaba-chan, good luck at the show!
Go, Maika!
Go! Maika!
Good!
Good.
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon, everyone.
Good afternoon, listeners.
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye everyone!!
Goodbye for now.
Goodbye. May we meet again.
Goodbye, my Aikatsu.
Good day.
Good day, ladies. This is Kamishiro Karen.
Good evening.
Good evening, everyone!
Good evening, Mirai.
Goodforthroatshroom Huh, what's this? I didn't know these existed.
Goodforthroatshrooms?
Good for you!
Good for you.
Good for you, Maika.
Good girl.
Good, good. Seeing that smile makes all the effort cooking worth it.
Good, good. Seeing that smile makes all the effort of cooking worth it.
Good. Go out and greet your fans before the show.
Good idea!
Good idea, but don't push yourself too hard.
Good idea! We can use these training cuffs too.
Good idea. Why don't we also make pink and aqua Pure Palette's official brand colors too?
Good. I'll excuse myself here.
Good job.
Good job, everyone!
Good job, Mio.
Good, just like that.
Good! Let's compete!
Good. Let's get right to it!
Good, let's take a quick breather.
Good luck!
Good luck.
Good luck, Aine-chan!
Good luck, Aine-chan, Mio-chan.
Good luck! Aine-chan! Mio-chan!
Good luck at work.
Good luck, girls.
Good luck, Nako-chan!
Good luck with your practice!
Good morning!
Good morning.
Good morning, Aine.
Good morning, Alicia-chan.
Good morning, Ema-chan.
Good morning! I'll be under your guidance from now on!
Good morning! I look forward to working with you today.
Good morning, Kaguya-chan.
Good morning! What brings you here?
Goodness!
Goodness.
Goodness, I recognize those voices.
Goodness, it's Noa!
Goodness, that sounds like an invitation for a date.
Goodness, what was I...
Good news, Mio. You've got a commercial offer.
Good. Next up is the solo entrant, Shirayuri Sakuya-san.
Good night.
Good, now it's time to return the favor.
Good point. You're going to go ask Alicia-san to form Friends with Hibiki-san again, right?
Good point. You're going to try and invite Alicia-san to form Friends with Hibiki-san again, right?
Good question. As a rival, that's something I definitely want to know.
Good question. At the very least, we can't stay the same as before.
Good question. Guess we could fill up the menu with tomato dishes and hold an event.
Good question. That's something I definitely want to know as her rival.
Good run, Wakaba.
Good, take five.
Good, that's enough.
Good to see you again, Alicia.
Good work.
Good work, Aine-chan. You were a huge help.
Good work all around!
Good work all around.
Good work, everyone!
Good work, girls.
Good work out there.
Good work today, Wakaba-chan.
Good, you've gotten much better.
Go on.
Go on and have a taste.
Go on, hop in!
Go on; she awaits.
gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru gooru wa kitto soko ni aru And one day we'll surely reach our goal gooru wa kitto soko ni aru
gooru wa kitto soko ni aru I can't believe Pure Palette summoned a Miracle Aura too!
Gosh, how scary!
Gosh, you're as darling as ever today!
Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e
Got it!
Got it.
Got it, Cinderella. We'll need to get her dress ready.
Got it, I'll give it a try.
Got it! I'll give you all the power you need!
Got it. I'll pass on the message, so take care in getting here.
Got it, I'm on my way.
Got it. I'm on my way.
Got it! Let's give it a try!
Got it. Let's head back.
Got it, then I'll help out too.
Got it! You can count on me!
Got my passport in one hand, my rolling suitcase in another, and my souvenir list safely tucked away!
go, together let's go ikou ikou ikou issho ni ikou Let's go, let's go, let's go, together let's go ikou ikou ikou issho ni ikou Open the window to your heart and let your feelings be heard kokoro hirakou kimochi wa kikoetekuru Open the window to your heart and let your feelings be heard
Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard
Go to the courtyard Go to the courtyard Go to the lesson room Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me
Got their hotel reserved, set up the friendLINE announcement...
Got you!
- Gourmet Report Program - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival
Gourmet reports.
Go watch and learn.
Grab him, Mio-chan!
Gracious, you performance today was remarkably good, Sakuya-san.
Gracious, your performance today was remarkable, Sakuya-san.
Grandpa said that foreign ghosts have legs!
Grand Prix Everyone!
Grasping our hands with kindness, instilling us with passion, and forcing us back up to our feet.
- gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity But out in space, there's none of it!
- gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity
- Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity - gravity - Gravity
Great. All's well that ends well.
Great! And come visit us yourself sometime.
Great! And come visit us yourself the next time you're around.
Great, I'm cheering for you!
Great job, everyone!
Great job making it up here.
Great, looks like we made it on time.
Great news! I've scheduled the debut show for your Diamond Dresses.
Great, now I really feel like we can't win.
Great! On to the next!
Great, so far so good.
Great, then the game has now begun.
Great! Then to begin with...
- Great to hear.
Great work, Aine-chan.
Great work, everyone!
Great work on the fashion show.
Great! Yuuki Aine is making fantastic progress with her Aikatsu!
Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting Character Setting
Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall
Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall I see the legendary fairy role went to you.
Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall - Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall S-Sorry, Onee-sama. I can't believe I've done this...
Gripes?
- Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble
- grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble - Grumble - grumble Um, if you don't mind, could I please borrow your kitchen?
Guerrilla performances?!
Guess I'll go wash up first.
Guess I'll never be able to surprise you.
Guess so.
Guess so. But I'm sure she'll be fine.
Guess this'll be the last time in a while we can stand on stage together.
Guys...
Ha!
Habara-san is a reporter for a weekly.
Habarazzi?
had to have just one dream yume wa hitotsu dake de dare mo ittenai jan Nobody ever said that you only had to have just one dream yume wa hitotsu dake de dare mo ittenai jan Having a whole bunch is A-OK ikutsu attemo okemaru Having a whole bunch is A-OK
- Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry
- Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry Sugar, I'm so proud of you!
- Halfway through our performance, I stopped caring about who wins or loses.
- Halfway through our performance, I stopped caring about who won and lost.
Halfway through our performance, I stopped caring about who won or lost.
Hanako-san of the idol track.
Hanareta tsukihi wo koete Will our emotions align again?
Handshake!
Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event
Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Handshake Event Nice, we're up to ten percent.
Hang in there!
Hang in there, 'cause there's more where that came from!
Hang in there, Kaguya-chan!
Hang on, almost done.
Hang on, didn't Mio have a concert today?
Hang on, if I lose to someone as inexperienced as you, I really would be better off quitting.
Hang on, I'll go borrow a coat.
Hang tight a sec, Mio-chan.
Happiness...
Happiness for all.
Happiness For All ♪ Happiness For All ♪ Happiness For All ♪ Can you keep up with my pace?
Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord I'm Coco!
Happy...
Happy New Year!
Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord I'm Coco!
Happy Valentine's.
Hard to say... We didn't do anything in particular.
Hariu-san!
Hariu-san?
Hariu-san has picked them up.
Hariu-san's inside that thing?
Hariu-san, what's on tomorrow's schedule?
Hariu-san, your hedgehog Mont Blanc is as lovely as ever.
Hariu-san, your hedgehog styled Mont Blanc is as lovely as ever.
Hariu-san, your manager?
Haroo haroo besuto furenzu!
Haroo haroo furenzu! haroo haroo doriimu!
Haroo haroo mai doriimu!
Haroo haroo naisu sumairu!
Haroo haroo sumairu! minna minna!
Haroo haroo sumairu! We are! We are!
Harukaze Wakaba can now make her debut!
- #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆
- #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - So Wakaba-chan is graduating from Mirai-san...
- #HarukazeWakaba #cuniquelnProgress☆ - #debutshow #dancelesson - So Wakaba-chan is graduating from Mirai-san... - Going her own way - Will there be a second Miracle Audition? - Wakaba-chan, good luck at the show! - Looking forward to Wakaba-chan's future - I need to see this concert no matter what!!
♪ HarukazeWakaba ♪cuniquelnProgress☆ ♪ HarukazeWakaba ♪cuniquelnProgress☆ ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson ♪ HarukazeWakaba ♪cuniquelnProgress☆ ♪ HarukazeWakaba ♪cuniquelnProgress☆ ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson ♪ debutshow ♪dancelesson You earned some rest.
- Harukaze Wakaba Debut Show - Harukaze Wakaba Debut Show Harukaze Wakaba Debut Show Harukaze Wakaba Debut Show Look at this crowd.
Harukaze Wakaba's Progress - Views I had Karen record you for a promo vid.
Harukaze Wakaba's Progress - Views What?!
Has an outbreak of frogs?!
Has Coco-chan gone missing?!
has had an outbreak of frogs?!
Hasn't the entire road to the stage been blocked off by cream?
Have a dream...
Have a good evening.
Have a good night, and goodbye.
Have been cancelled due to the onset of this sudden hurricane.
Have confidence when you stride into the semis in three days.
Have enough fun on the field trip for both of us.
Have enough fun on the field trip for me too.
Have fun!
Have fun with it, Wakaba-chan.
- Have good posture - Enjoy performing for a natural smile Don't change breath timing Songs are soul's cry Sing anthem of your heart!
- Have good posture - Enjoy performing for a natural smile - Don't change breath timing - Songs are soul's cry - Sing anthem of your heart! - Focus from head to toes while dancing - Don't look at Mio-chan to match steps - Bold movements, delicate expressions Think hard without thinking
Have I not been believing in Aine?
Have more faith in yourself.
Haven't you already learned more than enough from Pure Palette?
Haven't you gained weight?
Haven't you heard anything about them from your idol friends?
Have this on the house!
Have those two decided yet?
Have you already recovered?
Have you attained your own frienergy after having interacted with so many other Friends?
- Have you been hiding your loneliness behind a brave face? - Kokorobososa wo kijou ni kakushiteta?
Have you been practicing?
Have you been well, Aine-chan, Mio-chan?
Have you come to pester me about reforming our Friends as well?
Have you decided what dresses we should wear for our next show?
Have you decided who to form Friends with?
Have you ever considered doing idol activities?
Have you ever professed your love to someone before, Kazune-san?
Have you ever thought about what would happen if you made someone mad or dislike you?
Have you ever thought about what would happen if you made someone mad or upset at you?
Have you figured out who to choose?
Have you figured out who you're going with?
Have you filled in your five year gap?
Have you filled your five year gap?
Have you forgotten? You said that Love Me Tear can make one plus one equal infinity.
Have you heard from Aine?
Have you heard of it?
Have you not confined your love of Aikatsu within that box?
Have you seen anyone around here?
Having all my friends and family there cheering made me super happy!
Having more people watching just fires me up!
Having one of these in the set will work great.
Having pink lines mixed in the crisscross brings out its appeal.
- Having the honor to house you makes me happy as well.
Having you do my makeup, and listening to you talk.
Having you drop out will be pretty rough though.
Having you with me is reassuring.
- Hazune, don't you have a girlfriend to go on a Christmas date with?
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Here's today's card!
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e I'm Coco!
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e This is today's card!
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e This is today's card.
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e This would be today's card.
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Today's card is this!
head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Today's card is this! My style dress, the Pink Link Coord.
Head producer? What's that?
He also designed this limousine.
Hear her out at least.
Hearing her in person sounds so different than on CD.
Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun
Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai
Hearing that makes me happy.
Hearing you say that makes me feel blessed as a stylist.
Hearing you speak all uptight made me feel super awkward.
- Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy overflows - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy
Heart-throbbing Friends date.
Heartthrobbing Friends date.
Heating up?
Heat things up even more with a passionate show!
Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord Heavenly Ruby Coord I'm Coco!
He comes to lots of my shows too.
He designs even when he cooks!
He does not believe that idols have a place in Japanese culture and vehemently detests them.
He even designs when he cooks!
He gets attached to customers and the rest of my family, but I'm the only one he seems to reject.
He gets so nervous in front of girls outside the family that he compulsively shadow boxes.
He gets so nervous in front of girls outside the family that he compulsively shadowboxes.
Heights are my only weakness...
He inspired me to make someone else shine like he could.
He learned just how wonderful Aikatsu is.
He learned just how wonderful Aikatsu was.
Hello!
Hello?
Hello.
Hello...
"Hello Aine-chan, I'm one of your fans.
Hello, Aine-san?
Hello! Are you open now?
Hello, Coco.
Hello, Coco-chan!
Hello, Coco-chan?
Hello, Coco-chan.
Hello, Coco-chan...
Hello, Coco-chan. Coco-chan?
Hello, Coco. Please respond.
Hello, everyone!
Hello, everyone.
Hello everyone, I'm Yuuki Aine from Pure Palette.
Hello Friends!
Hello hello Best Friends!
Hello hello dream! Hello hello smile!
Hello hello friends! Hello hello dream!
- Hello hello friends! Hello hello dream! - Haroo haroo furenzu! haroo haroo doriimu!
- Hello hello friends! Hello hello dream! - Haroo haroo furenzu! haroo haroo doriimu! - Hello hello friends! Hello hello dream! - Haroo haroo furenzu! haroo haroo doriimu!
Hello hello my dream!
Hello hello nice smile!
Hello hello smile! Everyone everyone!
Hello hello smile! We are! We are!
Hello, Himari-chan?
Hello, how are you? This is Yuuki Aine.
Hello? Huh, Coco-chan?
Hello, I'm Alicia Charlotte.
Hello, I'm Minato Mio.
Hello, I'm Penne.
Hello, I'm Yuuki Aine!
Hello! I'm Yuuki Aine.
Hello! I'm Yuuki Aine from Pure Palette.
Hello, it's Aine!
Hello, it's me. Get it ready the way I specified in the email.
Hello, it's me. Set to getting the preparations done according to my email.
Hello, it's nice to meet you! I'm...
Hello, Noa.
Hello there, Coco-chan.
Hello there! I'm Kamishiro Karen.
Hello there. I'm Kamishiro Karen.
Hello! This is Yuuki Aine, live on the scene!
Hello... Wh-What's going on?
Hello, you've reached Penguin Café.
Help!
Help Aine-chan...
Help me!
"Help me"? Does that mean...
Help me, goddess of Aikatsu!
Help me reach all my precious friends with a stunning miracle!
Help yourself while you have the chance.
Her acting prowess is proof of the lessons she's gone through.
Her acting prowess proves just how many lessons she's gone through.
Her aura's kind of changed.
- Her boyfriend's a penguin? Love that crosses species - Her boyfriend's a penguin? - Love that crosses species - M 180 44 l 563 32 555 118 173 125 - m 180 44 l 563 32 555 118 173 125 - Pure Palette Minato Mio's passion - Pure Palette Minato Mio's passion
Her brand is Luna Witch.
Her brand is Moon Maiden.
- Her desire to make a million friends got through to them.
Her dress left a huge impact with its large jewels and rose motif!
Here!
Here.
Here are the entry forms.
Here are your mics.
Here at the Fluffy Puffy Park, you can pet all sorts of different animals.
Here at the Fluffy Puffy Petting Zoo, you can pet all sorts of different animals.
Here come the nerves.
Here, cough drops and masks.
Here, five tickets to I Believe Re: start!
Here, here! Me too!
Here I come!
Here I go!
Here is my business card.
Here is today's theme.
Here it comes!
Here it comes, Maika!
Here, it's the latest in hair dryers, one you can even use overseas.
Here, it's the latest in hair dryers that you can even use overseas.
Here's a Coco Challenge!
Here's a little reward for your hard work.
Here's a present.
Here's a tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich.
Here's Minato Mio-chan with the Macaron Folk Dance. Come on!
Here's my page.
Here's my present for you. Merry Christmas!
Here's our entry form for the Star Harmony Cup.
Here's our next guest.
Here's the first hit!
Here's the first question.
Here's the first trial!
Here's the paper.
Here's the point!
Here's the thing: I want to let the girl who passed my Miracle Audition be your one-day shadow.
Here's to a successful event.
Here's your jacket.
Here's your Lots of Tomatoes, Lots of Dreams Pizza!
Here's your script.
Here's your seasonal special tropical parfait.
Here's your seasonal tropical parfait.
Here, this is for you. It's my Idol Card.
Here, this'll ward them off.
Here, too!
Here we...
Here we go!
Here we go.
- Here we go! - Here we go!
Here we go! Things that are huge in scale!
- Here we take the first step in a new stage of Aikatsu.
Here with us are the voice of Fly, Minato Mio-san, and the voice of the legendary fairy, Shirayuri Kaguya-san.
Here you are.
Here you go.
Here you go, Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan.
Here you go, the audition's entry sheet.
Here, you too.
Her favorite new hobby is bowling.
Her frienergy...
Her hands are so cold...
Her letter said only one thing...
Her message contained just three lines.
Her name is Shirayuri Kaguya-chan.
Her only wish is yes, to know true love hoshii no wa sou hontou no omoi Her only wish is yes, to know true love hoshii no wa sou hontou no omoi Strong enough to betray divination ashita sae uranaenai Strong enough to betray divination ashita sae uranaenai Just as the moon will
Her owner runs a cat food company.
Her owner's probably worried.
Her scale?
Her sense of scale is just totally different.
Her skirt looks like a piano keyboard!
Her solo concert is one thing, but I'm also excited to see what kind of performance you two will give as Friends.
Her song, dance, and performance were all enchanting.
Her song is "A-OK"!
Her song is "Chance, Fate". Come on out!
Her song is "Girls be ambitious"!
Her song is "Thank you—I'm okay".
Her songs, dances, and performances were all enchanting.
Her voice had a different charm from Sakuya-san's.
Her voice had a different charm than Sakuya-san's.
Her words said one thing, but her eyes told a different story that I am inclined to believe.
He's also the designer of this limousine.
He's as approachable as can be.
He says it's to thank you.
He's fast!
He's no good when it comes to talking to girls.
He's one of the greatest Japanese drama directors alive.
He's part of our family. His name is Penne.
He's Penne, a part of our family.
He's right. It really is troubling when youngsters these days who know nothing pretend like they do.
He's so...
He's so cute! You're Aine-chan's little brother, right?
He sure will.
He understood Alicia in an instant!
He was a three-toed tree toad, but a two-toed toad was she.
- Hey!
Hey!
Hey.
Heya!
Heya! Doing good, Eli-chan?
Hey, Aine!
Hey, Aine.
Hey, Aine! Are you alive?
Hey, Aine. Tomorrow morning, would you like to...
Hey, are you an Aine-chan copycat?
Heya! Yuzuki-chan, Nonoha-chan!
Hey, be careful not to fall!
Hey, Coco-chan! Please tell us how we can get to your world!
Hey, do I look like an Onee-san?
Hey, don't cling to me!
Hey, don't put me on the spot!
Hey, do you get what "endless possibilities" means?
Hey, Ema!
Hey, Ema. I think I found the place Honey Cat should be aiming for next.
Hey, Ema-san...
Hey, Ema! That's my line!
Hey, Ema! You're not getting any height at all!
Hey, everyone! Did I keep you waiting?
Hey everyone, let's do watermelon splitting next!
Hey everyone! The wait's over!
Hey, get your heart a hoppin!
Hey, get your heart a-hoppin'!
Hey, girls.
Hey girls, everything good?
Hey girls, it's been a while!
Hey girls, let's have a badminton match!
Hey, hey, Mio-chan. Let's buy some snacks too.
Hey, hey! Want to train together after school?
Hey, hey! What do you think of this ribbon?
Hey, hey! What're you gonna tell me?
Hey, hey, you gonna buy Valentine chocolate?
Hey! I just wanted to say all of your performances today were super-duper awesome!
Hey, isn't that...
Hey, it's a pleasure.
Hey, it's not that funny.
Hey, it's Reflect Moon!
Hey, it's the talk of the town, Reflect Moon!
Hey! Kagami-kun!
Hey, Karen.
Hey, Karen! Let's do a Friends present exchange.
Hey, Karen! Let's put on a show as hot as this dress during the finals!
Hey, keep that a secret!
Hey, let's ride that next.
Hey, let's take a picture!
Hey! Maika?
Hey, Mio!
Hey, Mio.
Hey, Mio...
Hey, Mio-chan!
Hey, Mio-chan.
Hey, Mio. Now that we're in high school, let's work harder than ever before.
Hey, morning.
Hey! Morning!
Hey, Onii-chan! Are you listening?
Hey, Penne! Why'd you...
Hey! Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan!
Hey, someone mark her spot.
Hey! Stop hiding, and come out and play!
Hey! Stop hiding and come play with us!
Hey, Suzuka-chan. Let's exchange Idol Cards!
Hey, that's too straightforward!
Hey, that's unreasonable...
Hey there! Doing good, Eli-chan?
Hey, wai...
Hey, wait! Don't run in the hall...
Hey! Wait up!
Hey, wasn't that Shirayuri Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan?
Hey, we were at the singing portion together!
Hey—What are you doing, Ema?!
- Hey—what are you doing, Ema?! You need to hold them for the camera!
- Hey—what are you doing, Ema?! You need to hug them for the camera!
Hey, what are you up to down there?
Hey, what play were you planning to show?
Hey, what's that?
Hey, who in the world is she?
Hey, why don't we also mix pink and aqua for the dresses colors?
Hey, why don't we have the dress colors be a mix of pink and aqua?
Hey, why don't you ask Alicia-san what she likes right now?
Hey, you...
Hey, you got a message from Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan.
Hey, you know it's only us here.
"Hey you know, look at that" just chatting idly "ano ne, sono ne" oshaberi shitara "Hey you know, look at that" just chatting idly "ano ne, sono ne" oshaberi shitara We start to sound just like a chorus marude ne koorasu tai da We start to sound just like a chorus
Hey, you know what? That thing you did yesterday was amazing!
Hey, you two!
H-Hang on, Aine. There's more than one type of firework.
H-Hang on, Penne!
H-Hello!
H-Here.
H-Her too?
H-Hey...
H-Hey, Penne.
H-Hey, wait!
H-Hey, we probably shouldn't mess with it...
H-H-Hold on!
H-H-However, such a happiness inducing meal! Such overflowing hopes and dreams contained in this cooking!
H-H-However, such a happiness-inducing meal! Such overflowing hopes and dreams contained in this cooking!
H-Hinata-senpai is part of the lacrosse team!
H-Hold on! I won't tell you not to fall in love, but isn't this kind of premature?
H-Hold on just one second, Aine!
H-However, these people are attempting to perform the Aikatsu that you so despise.
H-How horrible...
Hi!
Hibiki!
Hibiki.
Hibiki...
Hibiki. Are you here for work?
Hibiki... as well as Pure Palette?
Hibiki-chan.
Hibiki-chan's Heavenly Ruby Coord.
Hibiki-chan, she needs you.
Hibiki, don't slack off in your own Aikatsu trying to match my pace.
Hibiki has been putting all her effort into Aikatsu the entire time I was focused on governing my nation.
Hibiki, I came to congratulate you!
Hibiki is amazing. She's expanded her horizons to an unimaginable extent.
Hibiki is the natural choice for being the art director, but the fate of every person in Solvette depends on this event.
Hibiki-sama.
Hibiki-sama's brand, Heavenly Perfume, is filming a promotional video tomorrow, and they're getting ready for it now.
Hibiki-sama's brand, Heavenly Perfume, is going to have a promotional video filmed tomorrow, and this call is about the preparations.
Hibiki-sama, this will just be buried again when the next blizzard comes.
Hibiki-sama, we have been awaiting you.
Hibiki-sama, we've delivered the goods!
Hibiki-sama... you'd do that for us?
Hibiki-san!
Hibiki-san.
Hibiki-san...
Hibiki-san, about what you said the other day...
Hibiki-san, Alicia-san...
Hibiki-san and Alicia-san are in a professional relationship, with neither compromising on their Aikatsu.
Hibiki-san and Alicia-san asked us to deliver them to all the Friends who had helped them out.
Hibiki-san, are you okay?
Hibiki-san has been alone all this time, pouring everything into her work.
- Hibiki-san has been putting everything into her work by herself all this time.
- Hibiki-san has worked alone all this time, pouring everything into her work.
Hibiki-san, I imagined you were much more aloof, like a mature lady, but I see you have an innocent side as well.
Hibiki-san introduced us to Spacekatsu, but we all started dropping like flies.
Hibiki-san is an Aikatsu artist.
Hibiki-san is correct.
Hibiki-san isn't coming?
Hibiki-san really is no ordinary person.
Hibiki-san's dress shone brilliantly on her stage...
Hibiki-san's Jeweling Dress was fantastic.
Hibiki-san's Jeweling Dress was so fantastic.
Hibiki-san specifically asked us, Pure Palette, for help.
Hibiki-san specifically came to Pure Palette for help.
Hibiki-san's waiting for you.
Hibiki-san was facing a mental block about meeting Alicia-san.
Hibiki-san was smiling.
Hibiki-san was the very first person in the world...
Hibiki-san, we can't possibly apologize enough for disturbing you on your day off.
Hibiki-san, we heard about your travel plans.
Hibiki-san, what kind of person is your Friend?
Hibiki-san, when are you planning I Believe's comeback?
Hibiki-san, when's I Believe's comeback happening?
Hibiki-san, would you please teach us how to do Spacekatsu?
Hibiki-san, your expression is dark!
Hibiki-san, you will always have my loyalty!
Hibiki-san, you will always have my support!
Hibiki's showtime.
Hibiki's Showtime!
Hibiki, there's something I must tell you.
Hibiki, what are you?
Hibiki! Why are you here?
Hibiki, would you take the stage with me once more?
Hibki!
Hi, did hear my name?
Higher than any idol?
Hi! Hi! It's so nice to meet you!
Hi! Hi! Nice na to meet you Hi! Hi! Nice na to meet you Hi! Hi! Nice na to meet you - Challenge yourself and you're sure to meet - Challenge yourself and you're sure to meet - Challenge yourself and you're sure to meet - charenji sureba kitto aeru
Hi, I came to ask you for advice about what brand to wear for the debut concert.
Hi! I'm Ise Suzuka!
hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara
- Himari-chan - Himari-chan - Call from... - Call from...
Himari-chan! Iroha-chan!
Hinata Ema-gency?
Hinata Ema-gency?!
Hinata Ema is incorrect!
Hinata-senpai?
hitasura tsutaete Our promise will always remain zutto kawaranai yakusoku Our promise will always remain zutto kawaranai yakusoku Our promise will always remain zutto kawaranai yakusoku Everything begins from here subete wa ima hajimaru Everything begins from here subete wa ima hajimaru Everything begins from here subete wa ima hajimaru
Hit her with the spotlight!
"hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "You're not alone!" "hitori janai!" We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color
hitorijime dekitara shiawase na no - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My Bravo!
hitorijime dekitara shiawase na no - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My - M-Mine - M-My That dress!
hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara - And even if you feel like you're all alone - hitori nandatte omotte shimattara
hitori nandatte omotte shimattara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara
hitotsu tozasu hitotsu hiraku I will never run anywhere again doko ni mo nigetari shinai I will never run anywhere again doko ni mo nigetari shinai Secondly my heart, secondly my mind futatsu kokoro futatsu ishiki Secondly my heart, secondly my mind futatsu kokoro futatsu ishiki Both have been decided from the very start
hitotsu yureru hitotsu chikau Firstly it wavers, firstly I swear hitotsu yureru hitotsu chikau That I will now live without lies doko ni mo uso nante nai That I will now live without lies doko ni mo uso nante nai Secondly always, secondly someday futatsu itsumo futatsu itsuka Secondly always, secondly someday
hitotsuzutsu egaitekita hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita
- hits head, chest, and arms with flowers - Hanaiketemendou Kotenoshin-san!
Hit their frozen hearts... with your song.
Hm?
Hm, just back of the napkin...
Hm? 'Kay.
Hmm, dresses...
Hmph! Too easy, Mirai.
Hm, what dresses...
Hng!
Ho ho ho!
Hokkaido?!
- Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa - Chihori-chan - Eru-chan - Mika-chan - Shiina-chan - Hokkaido - Hokkaido - Okinawa - Okinawa -
Holding back...
Holding Hibiki back is the one thing I won't forgive.
Hold it!
Hold it right there!
- Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes Dance fully aware of dress movements Don't lie to your own feelings - Use abdominal breathing - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for
Hold on!
Hold on.
Hold on a second! How are you supposed to join our lessons for the tour then?
Hold on a second! How are you supposed to prepare for the tour then?
Hold on just a second! The number of dresses and order of appearance for the show are already set in stone.
Hold on just a second! The show's dress lineup and schedule are already set in stone.
Hold on, Mio! Not you too!
Hold on tight.
Hold on, Wakaba?
Hold up! I don't need a divination, okay!
Hold up, what do you think you're doing?
Hold up! What's with that boat?
Holy crepe! A flood of cream has rolled down onto the course to block their path!
- Home - Videos - Community - Channel - Home - Videos - Community - Channel - Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe - Home - Videos - Community - Channel - Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe
Home Videos Community Channel I utilized my fashion knowledge to upload "dress up" videos to gain a following among girls our age.
Honestly, between the lacrosse camp and our lessons for today, I was feeling wiped out.
Honestly, did you even consider how I felt while you were off having fun?
Honestly, I have my own doubts as well.
Honestly, I have my own hesitations too.
Honestly, I really cannot see any...
Honestly, Onee-sama. Have you fallen under the spell of Asuka Mirai-san?
Honestly, there were some rough parts.
Honestly, we've wanted to talk to you for a long time...
Honestly, what an overreaction to hold this so-called Making Up Ceremony.
Honestly, what's with this overdramatic Making Up Ceremony?
Honestly, what would you do without us?
Honesty is the best.
Honey Cat!
Honey Catalk!
Honey Cat demonstrated an incredible Miracle Appeal.
Honey Cat First Live Honey Cat Official Channel 1.04M Views Ema-chan and Maika are both pretty popular on their own, so it's natural for their Friends unit to be trending.
Honey Cat has already pulled a Miracle Appeal off.
Honey Cat has already pulled one off.
Honey Cat has always used their losses as a platform with which to grow.
Honey Cat has always used their losses as springboards to launch themselves higher.
Honey Cat has traveled the world.
- Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette -
- Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat
- Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette
- Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette
- Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette Who will pull out on top?
Honey Cat is all about the kitties!
Honey Cat is by and far the number one new Friends unit.
Honey Cat is entering too?
Honey Cat is galaxy.
Honey Cat is the best!
Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- Fan Meeting Tour?
Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm-
Honey Cat Live Plan All Island Fan Meeting Tour! - Bringing the Storm- What do you say to going on a Fan Meeting Tour to greet your fans nationwide?
Honey Cat Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour: Daily Updates volume 8 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Views I'm here with the daily report on Honey Cat's Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour!
Honey Cat or Pure Palette?!
Honey Cat or Pure Palette— Which Friends will advance to the finals?
Honey Cat really is incredible.
Honey Cat rocks!
Honey Cat's Best Friends Rare Dress has finally made an appearance!
Honey Cat seems to have deepened their bonds as Friends once more.
Honey Cat's fans.
Honey Cat's Island Crossing Fan Meeting Tour!
Honey Cat's Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour!
Honey Cat's Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour has only three stages left!
Honey Cat's next goal is space.
Honey Cat's Spicy Kitty Coord fits Maika-chan perfectly!
Honey Cat... That's the perfect Friends name for you two.
Honey Cat was mindblowing!
Honey Cat was so mindblowing!
Honey Cat will be on the first day!
Honey Cat will do more Aikatsu than you've ever seen before.
Honey Cat Worldwide Fan Meeting Tour Going to this many places is going to take quite a bit of funding.
Honey Cat! You can do it~
Honey Moon!
- Honey Moon - Honey Moon Pretty!
- Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey
Honey Moon will be reporting on a haunted house so scary that visitors are known to run away screaming halfway through...
Honey Moon will be reporting on a haunted house so scary that visitors are said to run screaming from it halfway through...
honnou utsusu sufia Silently revolving far above our heads nani mo iwazu sotto mawaru dake Silently revolving far above our heads nani mo iwazu sotto mawaru dake Silently revolving far above our heads nani mo iwazu sotto mawaru dake A circle tracing the heavens tsukuru sora no saakuru A circle tracing the heavens
Hooray, hooray, Maika!
Hooray! Hooray! White Team!
Hopefully going there will allow you to find some sort of clue.
Hopefully I can become friends with her!
Horse riding? How won...
Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied
Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors Hospital of Horrors
Hot damn! Now I want even more flame lights!
Hot... hot...
Hot... too hot...
Hot... Too hot!
Hot... Too hot...
How?
How about...
How about a fizzy soda to help blow away this heat?
How about coming up with an idea for that first?
How about if we blew air down from above too?
- How about lips?
- How about the second-biggest?
How about the second biggest?
How adorable!
How am I?
How am I supposed to do that?!
- How am I supposed to trust you as Team Japan's idol rep when you're acting so cowardly?!
How are the lyrics for the song coming?
How are we at school?
How are you?
How are you feeling?
How are you going to convince her after all this time of turning down Hibiki-san?
How are you going to convince her after she's rejected Hibiki-san for this long?
How are you supposed to make up after a fight?
How befitting of Friends.
How can I create a big bang...
How can I get myself to have good dreams instead?" In times like these, I recommend wearing the cutest pajamas you have, imagining something...
How can I make a big bang...
How can I make a Premium Rare Dress in three days?
How can I trust you to be Team Japan's idol when you're acting so cowardly?!
- How can I trust you to be Team Japan's idol when you're being so cowardly?!
- How can you be a princess of the Moon?
- How can you be sure you won't regret it?
How can you be sure you won't regret it later?
How can you move so easily?
How can you tell?
how captivating.
How charming!
How charming.
How colorful! That's so crazy cute!
How come?
How could I have just left you alone?
How could I leave you alone?
How could I not?
How could I not look happy?
How could I possibly make our dresses shine if I can't even do a Friends Appeal bright enough to charm ghosts?
How could I possibly substitute for Love Me Tear?
How could I with the way they're acting?
How could we not want to make it come true?
How could we possible end up as Friends?
How could we possibly end up as Friends?
How could you be a princess of the Moon?
How dare they act without permission.
How dare you enter with knocking...
How deep do they go?
How did it go?
How did such close friends end up like this?
How did this happen?
How did you know?
How did you travel to the TV station, Sakuya-san?
How'd it go?
How does Cat Honey sound?
How does that sound?
How do sweets bring us so much joy?
How do we make it so children can come?
- How do you know you won't regret it?
- How do you not know, Onee-chan?!
How'd you even get here?
How'd you even get inside?
However.
However...
However, as they were raised on this island, they're quite shy and do not take to anyone besides Mirai and myself.
However, both Mirai and myself have made our decisions to Aikatsu to our fullest, aware of the consequences.
However, both my skill and reputation are nowhere close to Mio-chan's.
However, Coco-chan is unable to come to our world.
However, considering how busy you are, shall we call it off?
However, due to their upbringing on this island, they're quite shy and do not take to anyone besides Mirai and myself.
However, even while apart we can still improve one another.
However, I strive to be a presence that can help someone get through their day with a smile.
However, I thought that wasn't living up to its full potential.
However, Reflect Moon emerged the victors.
However, right now I'm having fun!
However, that was not the only reason Pure Palette lost.
However, the frigid temperatures did not abate, and the people's smiles disappeared.
However, the head knight Snowdan-san mistakenly thought it was distressing Alicia-san and banned it.
- However, the head knight Snowdan-san mistakenly thought it was distressing Princess Alicia and banned it.
- However, the head knight Snowdan-san mistakenly thought that it was dismaying Princess Alicia and ordered it banned.
However, the only thing that can truly make us smile from our hearts is when Alicia-sama herself smiles from the bottom of her heart.
However, we are not like them.
However, we can still improve one another even when we're apart.
However, we get to choose the stage we compete on.
However, we'll be the ones to choose the stage we compete.
However, you mustn't forget about your fans waiting in Japan, right?
However, you should know that the cold front assaulting our country is only intensifying.
How heartbreaking...
How impressive! I would love to give her a chance to show off her divination skills...
How in the world did you get it?
How it extends in one unbroken line from the long nose hood.
How joyous. It almost feels a waste to eat them.
How long are you going to be back?
How long are you going to be with us?
How long do you intend to stay stuck in place?
How long has it been since you've seen Alicia-san?
How long until we get to the top?
How long until we're at the very top?
How lovely!
How lucky, they get to have a sleepover at DPL!
How many nights did you think we meant?
How many nights have you simply lain awake in bed?
How much?
How much will it cost?
How nice.
How nice to be young.
How nostalgic!
- How people feel when they see me, that's up to them to decide.
How people feel when they see me, that's up to them to decide.
How pitiful she is having to miss out on such an exciting field trip.
How pitiful she is, having to miss out on such an exciting field trip.
How pretty!
How pretty.
How reliable.
How romantic!
How's everything going on your side?
How's everything going with your work?
How shall we respond?
How should we hold lessons?
How so very like them.
How's Sugar Melody going?
How's Sugar Melody's going?
How's that for the first time your divination has ever been wrong?
How's this?!
How strange... There's something hot coming from my eyes...
How strange, why am I crying?
How stylish.
How thoughtful! Thanks!
How to do a dramatic confession...
How to Karen-san.
How to Karen-san How to Karen-san How to Karen-san That settles it!
How to make a dramatic confession...
How very polite.
How was your solo concert?
How worthless.
Hrm? Mwe?
Huge explosion...
Huge! Ex-plosion!
Huh?
Huh?!
Huh.
Huh? A dress?
Huh? A fest?
Huh, Aine-chan?
Huh? Aine-chan, didn't you leave for work?
Huh? Aine-chan, weren't you leaving for work?
Huh?! Alicia-san, you can understand what Penne is saying?
Huh? Aren't you guys treating her differently now?
Huh? Are you here alone?
Huh? Are you sure?
Huh? Ask Coco-chan?
Huh?! A sweater, scarf, and mittens?
Huh? But...
Huh? But if that's all your write, wouldn't that mean she can't respond until she's ready to form Friends again?
Huh? But she was just yelled at.
Huh? But you just said you preferred boots.
Huh? But you just said you preferred to wear boots.
Huh? Ema-chan?
Huh? Everyone?
Huh? Hey, Coco-chan?
Huh? How do you know that?
Huh?! I did the same!
Huh?! I don't get it!
Huh? I don't have one!
Huh, I had no idea.
Huh?! I-I never said that...
Huh? I-Is that true?
Huh, I should sign too?
Huh? Is that you, Mirai-san?
"Huh?!" is what we should be saying here.
Huh? It's cute.
Huh, I wonder if it was that one thing you saw.
Huh? Just one of them?
Huh? Like how?
Huh?! Man, there's no use hiding anything around you.
Huh? Me?
Huh? Mio-chan?
Huh?! Not even once!
Huh?! No, uh...
Huh?! No way, I couldn't possibly do Aikatsu...
Huh?! No you can't!
Huh?! Oh, are you being all wistful now that our tour's ending?
Huh?! Oh, are you feeling melancholic now that our tour's ending?
Huh? Oh, well...
Huh? Onee-san?
Huh?! O-O-Onee-sama, we were triplets?!
Huh? Really?
Huh? Sakuya-chan...
Huh? Senpai?
Huh? S-Sure, I like spirited girls.
Huh? Sugar, what's wrong?
Huh? That's strange.
Huh?! That's the favor?
Huh? The dark side... of the moon?
Huh? Then...
Huh? The top five?
Huh, they're not half bad.
Huh?! Um, you want me to ad lib?
Huh?! Wait, Aine!
Huh? Wakaba-chan?
Huh? Was I really smiling?
Huh? Was that how Aine-chan danced?
Huh? We didn't make any particular plans or anything...
Huh? We didn't make plans or anything...
Huh? Well, uh...
Huh? Whatever happened to the delishrooms?
Huh? What incident?
Huh?! What's going on?!
Huh? What's that?
Huh?! Where'd this come from?
Huh? Where's Sakuya-chan?
Huh? Where's the girl who's shadowing me?
Huh? Why are you happy about this?
Huh? Why do you know that?
Huh? Why not?
Huh? Why would they do that?
Huh? W-Was I wrong?
Huh?! You and Sakuya look identical!
Huh, you don't know her?
Huh? You know who I am?
Huh?! You look identical to Sakuya, but just who are you?
Huh, you're leaving?
Huh? You shouldn't push yourself...
Huh? You watched them too?
Humming Leaf. This is your brand.
Hundred. Home. Book.
Hungry Hungry Kitty!
- Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Half-dry - Half-dry - Hungry Hungry Kitty - Hungry Hungry Kitty
"Hungry Hungry Kitty" now on sale~
Hup!
Hurry, Alicia.
Hurry on home.
Hurry up and look! Quick!
Hurry up and tell me, Mio-chan!
Hurry up and use it, Mio!
Hyakuman nin! hyakuman iro!
Hypothetically...
I...
I absolutely adore lovely lies like this.
I accept!
I accept your challenge!
- I accept your resolve.
I accidentally started using cakes instead of flowers halfway through!
I actually added a bit of secret spice.
I actually asked Tamaki-san about Mio-chan's photoshoot schedule.
I agree.
I agree, Kaguya-chan.
I agree. Who's up for it?
I agree with Maika-chan.
I, Alicia Charlotte, the princess of the Principality of Solvette, have a message for my beloved people.
I allowed them to do it.
I almost didn't recognize you now that you're a real idol.
I almost felt like crying in desperation, but then I just happened to spot you at that hot fest! I got drawn right in!
I already have those.
I already have work lined up?
I already knew.
I already know why I look like this.
I already thought she was mysterious, but I didn't expect she was amazing enough to clone herself!
I already told you I can't see or even want to form Friends!
I already told you I don't want to form Friends!
I also don't want to distract those hardworking girls.
I also intend to comprehend you better than you comprehend yourself.
I also really, really wanted to form Friends with you!
I also used fur for the hat and shoulder.
I also want to... see them soon!
I always believed you would come for me!
I always carry it with me.
I always make sure to watch every single thing they're in.
I always strive to be natural.
I always thought it was amazing how you could do anything, but as your manager today, I realized you were even more incredible than that!
I am already Friends with Sakuya-oneesama...
I am already part of Friends with Sakuya-oneesama...
I am... an alien... from the moon!
I am baking with all of my love.
I am certain that Pure Palette has even further surprises waiting for us.
I am certain that you have the ability now to cover the country in smiles.
I am certain that you now have the ability to cover the country in smiles.
I am Charles Charlotte.
I am concerned for Alicia-chan and Hibiki-chan.
I am Dancing Mirage's muse, Chouno Maika!
I am frozen stiff, as though a blizzard has run through me.
I am frozen stiff like in a blizzard.
I am going to solely focus on what I must do.
I am here for Onee-sama, so she has no need of that.
I am her younger twin sister, Shirayuri Kaguya.
I am. I want to keep adjusting this Premium Rare dress design until the last minute.
I am. I want to keep adjusting this Premium Rare Dress design until the last minute.
I am Kamishiro Karen.
I am Kamishiro Karen, the Aikatsu goodwill ambassador.
"I am myself"...
I am myself—nothing more, nothing less.
I am... nervous.
I am not currently in a position where I can rightfully be her Friend.
I am not Shirayuri Sakuya.
I am pleased to make your acquaintance.
I am ready to begin.
I am Sakuya-oneesama and Kaguya-oneesama's long lost, separated at birth younger triplet.
I am Sakuya-oneesama and Kaguya-oneesama's long lost younger sister, separated at birth.
I am Shirayuri Kaguya.
I am Shirayuri Sakuya's manager, Hariu.
I am Tenshou Hibiki.
I am terribly sorry for the trouble and confusion we have caused you.
I am the fairy who governs over chance and fate.
I am the fairy who governs over coincidence and inevitability.
I am the manager of Reflect Moon, Hariu Mushirou.
I am the only person in the world who is worthy to be your Friend.
I am the princess of Solvette.
I am your long lost older sister, separated at birth.
I am your long lost, separated at birth older quadruplet.
I am your prince.
I am your teacher, after all.
I apologize.
I apologize for coming in without permission!
I apologize for interrupting your meal.
I apologize if I appear forward, but would you allow me to interview you about I Believe's restart?
I applied because I believe that I am the most worthy person to convey the moon's glories to the people of Earth.
I appreciate everything your family's done for her.
I appreciate hearing that.
I appreciate it!
I appreciate it.
I appreciate it, Aine.
I appreciate you coming here.
I asked her to join me after she gave me a spark.
I asked Karen to make me a city.
I ask that you lend me your power.
I ask that you set your Friends activities aside as well.
I assume that has something to do with it.
I await the day we can be Friends again.
I became an idol and formed Friends with you.
I Believe!
I Believe.
I Believe could only have made its restart because of you.
I believed that Onee-chan would be come an idol.
I believed that you would come for me!
I believe in Aine, and in my instinct that gave me a spark when I met her.
I believe in Ema, so I'll only do what I can.
I believe in her.
I believe in my way.
I believe in them, so I can rest assured in their skills.
I believe in them, so I don't have to worry.
I believe in you.
I believe in you, Maika!
I believe I read that the original proposal had something completely different.
I Believe is amazing.
I Believe is our irreplaceable friend and a rival to improve with.
I Believe is the current most searched keyword in the world!
I believe I told you some of this before.
I Believe's signature clashing viewpoints are running at full throttle.
I believe Tenshou Hibiki Alicia Charlotte You want to break up our Friends?!
I believe that a penguin named Penne lives over at Aine's house.
I believe that aspiration underlies all of my Aikatsu.
I believe that becoming Friends is a serious decision for both me and my partner, as it will alter the course of our fates as idols.
I believe that becoming Friends is a serious decision that will alter the course of both my fate as an idol, as well as my partner's.
I believe that we won't be able to grow unless we break the mold.
I believe this is Sakuya-san's first large performance as well.
I believe we had this bag in another color.
I believe we have some photographs.
I believe you have a show today?
I bet a lot of idols wanted to be Friends, so tell us why!
I betrayed Onee-chan.
I bet that Karen-san and Mirai-san are already doing their opening talk right now!
I bet you saw this coming.
I borrowed a stage prop I found in the hall.
I brought enough dresses for everyone.
I brought here here in the heat of the moment, but were Ferris wheels always this slow?
I brought her here in the heat of the moment, but were Ferris wheels always this slow?
- I brought references to help you decide.
I brought some refreshments.
I brought these penguin cookies to eat with you...
I brought you a gift!
I brought you a snack.
I brought your visitors.
I brought you souvenirs from my hometown.
I cajoled her into divining the results of the Brilliant Friends Cup.
I came by since I figured we could go together, and I was out running anyway.
I came dressed up all fancy...
I came from Ishikawa.
I came here for you—to do Aikatsu with you once again.
I came here for you—To do Aikatsu with you once again.
I came to appreciate this car for the first time in a while.
I came to ask about the Jeweling Dresses.
I came to ask you for a favor.
I came to pick you up.
I came with a favor to ask you.
I can almost hear a bouncing melody coming from it.
I can almost see the goal tape now.
I can believe they took second last year.
I... can come too?
I can do anything when I'm up on stage butai de wa nandatte dekiru I can do anything when I'm up on stage butai de wa nandatte dekiru I can do anything when I'm up on stage butai de wa nandatte dekiru As I wait for the moment time seems to shout
I can do it! I'm a boy!
I can even figure out the culprit of a two-hour mystery drama in the first ten minutes.
I can even tell exactly what they'd do at a time like this!
I can feel a faint glow from your designs...
I can feel a faint glow from your designs, I'll turn it into the best dress I can for your precious debut concert.
I can feel an unimaginably strong light emanating from Hibiki-san.
I can feel Karen-san's love.
I can feel that your designs want to shine...
I can feel that your designs want to shine, but you lack a certain assertiveness as a designer.
I can feel the fans' feelings for Aine.
I can finally wear this dress!
I can go faster!
I can hardly bear it.
I can hardly believe how far you've come since you started your Aikatsu.
I can hardly believe it still.
I can hardly look away.
I can hardly remember how I used to talk to her back then.
I can hardly remember what our normal conversations were like.
I can hardly wait!
I can hardly wait.
I can help you brainstorm if you want.
I can hold back in the face of enticing snacks!
I can make my debut?
I can never look away.
I cannot bear to look.
I cannot contain my excitement!
I cannot hide anything from you, Mirai.
I cannot postpone the performance!
I cannot retreat until I speak with her.
I cannot say I'm familiar.
I cannot see it.
I can now recall the feelings I once lost.
I can only hope things are going as well for her.
I can only see darkness ahead.
I can only see it leading to them becoming Friends...
I can picture a romantic story about the moon so clearly.
I can reach the top!
I can read you like an open book.
I can see how!
I can see how this targets the things you need for a Miracle Appeal with almost pinpoint accuracy.
I can see it! A shining future!
I can see right through you!
I can see right through you.
I can see that! Plus, it has an incredible heroine!
I can see the entire town!
I can see the universe behind Hibiki-san!
I can sense an encounter!
- I can sense an ominous aura coming from this shrine.
I can sense many presences.
I can sense something troubling you.
I can sense your fervor training so late every day.
I can still keep going!
I can still recall acting like I was in zero gravity for that movie aud...
I can still remember I Believe's performances like I saw them yesterday.
I can surpass Love Me Tear!
I can't!
I can't...
I can't accept that.
I can't afford to take it easy.
I can't allow you to continue lacrosse if it's going to have a bad influence on your Aikatsu.
I can't bear to sit around!
I can't believe I got distracted during work.
I can't believe I spaced out during work.
I can't believe it.
I can't believe it! Pure Palette is driving sideways along the rock wall using a miracle technique!
I can't believe that Mio-san and Ema-san and Maika-san are coming to our Christmas party!
I can't believe they went on with a new song!
I can't believe we couldn't do it even once before the event.
I can't believe we're minutes from stepping on stage without any success.
I can't believe you two are producing the Jeweling Festival!
I can't believe you two will be producing the Jeweling Festival!
I can't be like Ken-san.
I can't! Besides, I have work and lessons.
I can't come up with anything...
I can't do anything right...
I can't do it without you.
I can't do that!
I can't eat them unless they're sweet.
I can tell.
I can tell Alicia made it!
I can tell excitement's on the horizon for this fest.
I can tell pretty much anything from looking at Aine's eyes.
I can tell she's only sealed it away.
I can tell... this smells like a case!
I can't even imagine how they taste.
I can't forget this.
I can't form a Friends yet, but I'll keep up with my Aikatsu!
I can't get any bright ideas!
I can't get cold feet now!
I can't get enough of omelette rolls, though!
I can't get in the groove...
I can't go on like this.
I can't go with her. I have a responsibility to commit to raising my idol.
I can't go with her. I need to take responsibility for raising my idol.
I can't handle these kinds of attractions...
I can't hear you at all.
I can't help but be excited!
I can't help but smile just looking at it.
I can't help that cute things are cute.
I can't hold small animals.
I can't! I have work and lessons to go to.
I can't imagine anyone else as my partner.
I can't imagine her having any time to play with her friends around all that training.
I can't imagine her having any time to play with her friends with all that training.
I can't imagine that, nor do I want to.
I can't, it's impossible.
I can't... it's taking all I have just to keep up.
I can't... it's taking everything I have just to barely keep up.
I can't just sit around moping!
I can't just sit around now!
I can't just sit around watching.
I can't just stay on the receiving side of our relationship!
I can't just tag along with Mio-chan.
I can't keep leeching off Mio-chan!
I can't keep this from my precious friends.
I can't keep up with how fast you can run.
I can't let you show me up.
I can't lie to Aine when she's so serious.
I can't lie to my own heart!
I can't make it like anything before.
I can't match your alien impressions though, Kaguya-chan.
I can't move another inch.
I can't pick small animals up.
I can't possibly compare with someone in Diamond Friends like you...
I can't possibly perform in my condition!
I can't recall there being a roadside shine out here.
I can't refuse a friend's request.
"I can't say"?
I can't say no to a friend who came here from so far away.
I can't see a thing.
I can't see myself ever forming Friends...
I can't stomach raw tomatoes.
I can't tell if you're daring or just reckless.
I can't tell you I can't tell you "I can't tell you"?
I can't tell you I can't tell you The lucky items are a wood- carved bear and a shisa The lucky items are a wood- carved bear and a shisa "The lucky items are a wood-carved bear and a shisa"?
I can't thank you all enough!
I can't thank you enough.
I can't thank you enough for finding my darling Sugar.
I can't understand unless you tell me, Alicia.
I can't use magic.
I can't wait!
I can't wait.
I can't wait any longer!
I can't wait for the concert!
I can't wait for them to spice things up!
I can't wait for the show!
I can't wait to learn what my future holds shiranai mirai wo shiritai no I can't wait to learn what my future holds shiranai mirai wo shiritai no - Yeah, that means right now - sou ima sugu - Yeah, that means right now - sou ima sugu - So that means right now - mou ima sugu
I can't wait to meet them all!
I can't wait to see.
I can't wait to see them.
I can't wait to see what kind of girl she picks to raise as an idol!
I can't wait to see what they'll bring!
I can't wait to see where you'll end up down the road.
I can't wait to see who I'll meet next!
I can't wait to sing it!
I can't wait to sing them on stage.
I can understand that. A growing collection is evidence of the effort you put into Aikatsu.
I can understand that. Each page that you fill up with cards is evidence of the effort you put into Aikatsu.
I can understand the rapid proliferation of your fans.
I can understand your rapid proliferation of fans.
- Ice cold, aren't we?
I certainly didn't expect you to end up as Love Me Tear's opponents.
Ichiban no pojitibu!
I chose Ema as my Friends partner.
I coincidentally ran across this mushroom then!
I combined a bunch of unique things together to create a new kind of adorable.
I combined a bunch of unique things together to create a new kind of cute.
I completed them at last.
I completely agree with Mio-chan.
I concur with Karen and Mirai.
I consider us to be the challengers.
I consider us to be the underdogs.
I could do it, so there's no way you can't!
I could feel your emotions!
I could feel your presence in the crowd!
I could get used to this salty-sweet flavor.
I could just make one of them my Premium Rare Dress.
I could just pick a good design to make my Premium Rare Dress.
I could never...
I could never come up with these myself.
I could not care less about myself.
I couldn't abandon a friend either.
I couldn't agree more.
I couldn't be prouder.
I couldn't contain my excitement anymore.
I couldn't even bear to blink.
I couldn't feel more fulfilled.
I couldn't get a dress, - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan
- I couldn't have asked for a better Friends than you.
I couldn't have asked for a better Friend than you.
I couldn't have done it without you.
I couldn't have made this dress alone.
I couldn't have pulled it off by myself.
- I couldn't make it all the way to the audition.
I couldn't possibly look the other way when a precious friend is in need.
I couldn't wait to hear about how your sleepover at DLP went.
I could say the same for you. You stepped up to stand in for Love Me Tear.
I could say the same to you, Ema.
I could see myself following Maika-san's footsteps as muse of the sexy Dancing Mirage too.
I could tell exactly where you were from the stage too.
I could tell how hard you worked, Aine.
I could use some of that knowledge myself.
I'd actually been discussing it with Hariu-san and the Lovely Friends for a while now.
I'd actually been discussing it with Hariu-san and the Lovely Friends from a while back.
I'd been thinking about it for a long time, waiting for the day we would take the stage together.
- I'd be thrilled to have the honor to be your host, Alicia-chan.
I'd better note my findings about Ema-san's brand.
I decided to become someone worthy of being by your side.
I definitely won't accept that!
I deliberately hid his appearance in order to foster a truly fierce and passionate war of words.
I designed all the outfits for the drama myself.
I designed it hoping to embody this theme.
I designed it to have a more mature feel.
I designed the Bunny Parade Coord for Milky Joker.
I designed them.
I'd gladly take her under my wing should she decide to apply.
I'd have to say dancing.
I did.
I did it!
I did it because I believe that you and I can become good Friends.
I didn't ask you to join me half-heartedly.
I didn't expect to see you here.
I didn't fully believe either.
I didn't get enough time to shine.
I didn't have any encounters of the third kind though, so I brought it here since I thought you might find it useful.
I didn't hear we'd be doing that!
I didn't know...
I didn't know Love Me Tear had so many songs.
I didn't know ninja were so energetic!
I didn't know we had to reach the stage before a time limit to be let on!
I didn't know you entered this audition too.
I didn't know you were someone who'd throw in the towel so easily.
I didn't mean to make you worry this late in the game.
I didn't realize what you were going through.
I didn't see anything like that in Love Me Tear Legends.
I didn't think they'd like it that much.
I didn't think you'd be so quick to throw in the towel.
I'd just love to do it with you too, Suzuka-chan!
I'd like something that really evokes a spark between us, like Honey Cat does for Maika and Ema-chan.
I'd like this commercial to express a scale as grand as what you've done.
I'd like to begin the present exchange!
I'd like to do Aikatsu with I Believe again.
I'd like to express the vastness of your scale here too.
I'd like to have a foot bath too. Long plane trips can make your feet bloat.
- I'd like to make the chocolate mint macarons feel approachable, so we should use "boys next door".
I'd like to make the ChocoMint Macaron feel approachable, so we should cast "boys next door".
- I'd like to make the ChocoMint Macaron feel approachable, so we should use "boys next door".
I'd like to move into the Mio Spark Coord Class segment.
I'd like to officially being the present exchange!
I'd like to win so that I can make all of my friends happy.
I'd love to hold another event with everyone again.
I'd love to see it!
I'd love to see it in person.
I'd love to see that too!
I'd love to see you two perform together again.
I'd love to see you two sing together again.
I'd love to try them all!
I'd never choose it myself, but it might actually be nice on me.
I'd never done Aikatsu before, so it was a bit tough getting used to it, but the joy I felt from Mio-chan inviting me kept me going.
I'd never do that!
I do!
I do.
I do admit I was kind of worried, so I'm glad I can be there with you.
I do believe I read that then entire thing differed from the original proposal.
Idol Activities!
Idol fans from around Japan, the time is now!
- Idol Master Coco.
Idol Monthly Ema-chan, Maika-chan, and the other girls too.
Idol Registry Idol Registry Idol Registry Idol Registry Star Harmony Academy Alumnae Registry Star Harmony Academy Alumnae Registry Star Harmony Academy Alumnae Registry Star Harmony Academy Alumnae Registry Okay! Let's hurry up and finish cleaning!
idols!
Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break
Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break - Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break - Pure Palette's going back to doing solo activities... - Pure Palette's going
Idols are amazing.
Idols are really amazing!
Idols have way too much endurance...
Idols live in a world where they can become their ideal selves.
Idols need to be proactive.
Idols sure start their days early.
Idol Tips 2 Idol Tips 2 Aine, are you awake?
Idol Witch Idol Witch "Idol Witch"?
- Idol Witch - Idol Witch - Idol Witch - Episode - Episode But you showed me a miracle!
Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch A special Halloween episode?
Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch Yup. A bad guy comes to take away all the Kirara Power, the energy created by idols, so I as the witch and you as the fledgling idol need to work together to defeat him!
Idol Witch Idol Witch Idol Witch I-I can...
"Idol Witch" was so captivating I couldn't look away!
"Idol Witch" was so enthralling I couldn't look away!
idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine
I do not believe that I am truly fulfilling my responsibilities yet.
I do not have any lines until the climax, so I'll allow you to show me how it's done.
I do not have any lines until the climax, so show me how it's done.
I do not want to even see it.
I don't believe there's an idol in the world better than you at acting like you're walking on the moon.
- I don't believe there's an idol in the world better than you at moonwalking.
- I don't believe there's another idol in the world who can act like they're on a moonwalk better than you.
I don't believe there were any rules disallowing idols from the moon to participate.
I don't care even if they're platinum!
- I don't care even if they're rubies!
I don't care even if you are a witch!
I don't care one bit about forming Friends.
I don't deny the importance of my brand.
I don't dislike it.
- I don't dislike that sort of thing.
I don't even have any fans yet.
I don't even know the first thing about what Alicia likes.
I don't even like basil...
I don't fault you for your initial reluctance.
I don't fault your hesitation at my sudden request.
I don't get it!
- I don't hate it.
I don't have a passport!
I don't have a single complaint about your execution.
I don't have a single friend back home!
I don't have a single person I could call that back home!
I don't have time for a commercial...
I don't intend to quit at all.
I don't know.
I don't know, just...
I don't know what Aine's thinking.
I don't know what I'd do if I accidentally got all 100's and they scooped me becoming first in my class!
I don't know when I'll be available.
I don't mind.
I don't mind...
I don't mind at all, Wakaba.
I don't mind, but I won't go easy.
I don't mind. Let us ask the moon.
I don't mind, we're still in preparation.
I don't mind. You caught me at a good time.
I don't need Friends.
I don't really get it, but congratulations!
I don't really have an appetite.
I don't really know myself.
I don't really know why myself.
I don't really want to let them know how pressured and weak I am.
I don't recall there being a roadside shrine out here.
I don't recall this being in the script.
I don't remember seeing any little children at our concert the other day.
I don't remember seeing any little fans at our concert the other day.
I don't remember that level existing.
I don't see anything.
I don't see how!
I don't see how it's fascinating!
I don't think what A-san did is all that bad...
I don't think what A-san did was all that bad...
I don't understand! I can't comprehend Karen-san's taste in pets!
I don't wanna.
I don't wanna leave any of them out.
I don't want our loss to go to waste either.
I don't want that!
I don't... want them to break up!
I don't want to!
I don't want to disappoint all the visitors that have been looking forward to the show.
I don't want to disappoint them all.
I don't want to do Aikatsu!
I don't want to do this, but we'll have to delay...
I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction
I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara
I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara
I don't want to hide or lie any further.
I don't want to hide or lie to them any further.
I don't want to lie or deceive them any further.
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose to!
I don't want to put on a spineless performance at the Diamond Friends Cup!
I don't want to take it easy no matter what!
I do! The only problem is that I can't pick my favorite brand.
I do this to Karen all the time.
I'd rather tell you in person, but I've got a job lined up.
I draw ideas from everything I can as inspiration for my dresses.
I'd really like to know.
I'd really love to stay with you, but I have lots of shows lined up.
I'd say so.
I'd sure like to learn all of Maika's good points.
I'd sure like to learn all the rest of Maika's good points.
I'd sure love to wear Mio-chan's Diamond Wish Coord.
I'd think she could comfortably say she's filled her gap.
I eagerly await the results.
I ended up being helped by them again.
I ended up singing...
I enjoy being able to help you.
I enjoy how innocent it is.
I enjoy my Aikatsu from the bottom of my heart.
I even feel like shouting!
I even got my hair styled to look cute.
I even got to meet the Diamond Friends during my first real job!
I even know exactly what they'd do at a time like this!
I even told all my friends that I wanted some space to myself.
I even ventured into space to do spacekatsu.
I even went up on a rocket to do spacekatsu.
I even woke up earlier than usual to come...
I expected you to be walking with her.
If anyone can figure out a way for us to go to space, it's us.
If anything bad happens, we'll protect you!
If both parts of Reflect Moon were to pass out on the job, that would constitute a real work crisis.
- If each of them are doing such large undertakings on their own, they won't have any time together as Friends.
I fear they may lose hope if nothing is done.
I feel an unimaginably strong light emanating from Hibiki-san.
I feel apprehensive.
I feel as though I'm floating through the night!
I feel bad for Alicia-sama.
I feel happier just looking at that dress.
I feel in love at fight sight.
I feel just as strongly that only one person in the entire world can be my Friends.
I feel kind of refreshed!
I feel like Diamond Friends is within my grasp.
I feel like Diamond Friends is within my grasp if I just reach out my hand.
I feel like I can hear the voices of all of Aine's friends, and it gives me the courage to take on the world!
I feel like if I stay by Aine, I'll be able to find what it's missing.
I feel like if I stay by Aine, I'll be able to find what's missing.
I feel like I'm actually a reliable veteran now.
I feel like I'm being sucked in.
- I feel like my chest will tear from nervousness.
I feel like something's missing from it.
I feel like that Choco Pucchin Lucky Beam didn't have quite the right nuance.
I feel like that Choco Puchin Lucky Beam didn't have quite the right nuance.
I feel like wearing it would get me all fired up!
I feel like we dug up a lot of random things along the way.
I feel nauseated.
I feel nauseous.
I feel revived.
I feel so privileged that Mio-chan invited us to her concert!
I feel so spoiled that Mio-chan invited us to her concert!
I feel such a pleasant fatigue...
I feel that it aligns well with my goal of spreading love to every corner of the world.
I feel the same way, so I understand.
I fell in love at first sight.
I fell in love with the design at first sight!
I felt it would be best for you to hear this directly.
I felt it would be best for you to hear this for yourselves.
I felt like I sang really dynamically today.
I felt that these warm colors would suit you best.
I felt the hand of fate when we formed Friends.
I felt the same.
I felt the same as when I see Love Me Tear.
I felt the same way you did.
If Ema loses what's special about her, it would defeat the point of becoming Friends.
If Ema loses what's special to her, then it'll destroy the entire reason we became Friends.
If I... beat you?
If I can become a muse, Honey Cat will never lose to anyone again.
If I can brighten my shine while solo, I will be able to illuminate Onee-sama far, far beyond the radiance of a full moon.
If I can get Noa-san to acknowledge me...
If I can get Noa-san to approve of me...
If I can shine going solo, I should be able to elevate Onee-sama to a radiance far beyond that of a full moon.
If I'd been alone, I probably would've given up on training and just stuck with work.
If I ever lost you, then I... I'd...
I figured I'd get some of her power to help me design.
I figured it out.
I figured! That's the first time I've ever been so shaken watching someone's dance!
I figured! That's the first time I've ever felt so shaken watching someone's dance!
I figured that they'd both be too busy to come and see us perform, so knowing they were always thinking of me made me happy.
I figured that while I'm in Japan, I should try to have a show here every day.
I figured their frienergy could give you a clue of some sort.
I figured their frienergy could give you some sort of hint.
I figured you'd say that.
I figured you would want one considering how much more you're going outside now.
If I had been asked just a short while ago, I would have certainly refused.
If I had to say, the best course would be to participate in a big event.
If I let my guard down, I'll be the one left behind!
If I may...
If I'm complacent and let down my guard, I'll be the one left behind!
I finally became Friends with Aine!
I finally completed it.
I finally found the confidence to go and see Alicia.
I finally found you, Sakuya-oneesama and Kaguya-oneesama!
I finally got a spark.
I finally got it.
I finally got it uploaded...
I finally... said it.
I finished all of today's work.
I finished checking in.
If I pass that audition and get selected as the MC for Love Me Tear's event, will I be able to introduce Sugar Melody to a lot of people?
If I remember right, the place where the siblings ended up finding their emblem of happiness...
If it allows you to display an even greater brilliance, I will try believing in myself.
If it isn't Pure Palette's manager, Enjouji Tamaki-san.
If I told you, it would no longer be a secret.
If it's important, I'm sure she'd want to be alone with you.
If it's that important, she'd be more comfortable with just you.
If it was the old Aine, she wouldn't have been able to fill up an entire audience with just kids.
If it was, your smile doesn't show it.
- If I want to be Japan's idol rep, then first I need to rep the academy!
If I want to make it to the national tournament, I absolutely can't lose this next game.
If I want to reach the level of Diamond Friends, I don't want a single show to go to waste.
If I want to represent Japan as an idol, first I need to rep the academy!
- If I want to represent Japan on the world stage, first I need to rep the academy!
If I were ever to lose Kaguya-chan, I would certainly be crushed by utter despair.
If I were to fail them...
If I win, I'm making you quit quitting lacrosse!
If Karen-san is the earth...
If Maika-chan can score once before Ema gets ten goals, she wins.
If Mio-chan's in, then we'll all need to work hard.
If Mio thinks something is missing, I'll help her look for it!
If Mio thinks that something is still missing, then I'll search for it with her!
If my plan works out! Will you help me?
If nobody's good enough, there have been years when it ends without a winner!
If no one shows up, it's not just you who'll take the fall.
If not for her...
If Onee-chan found out what I did...
If only back then, I had already learned the power of frienergy from Aine and Mio...
If only I had been able to research Gankoyama-san beforehand, I could've found out the food he likes.
If only I had been able to research Gankoyama-san beforehand, I could've known what food he liked.
If only I had focused more on our own problems, then right about now...
If only I had learned the power of frienergy from Aine and Mio sooner...
If only I had told you!
If only I were more reliable, she would've been able to rest easy.
If only the perfect place would just fall into our laps.
If only there were anyone who could take Aine-chan's place and give a show just as good...
If only there were a way to buy more time.
If only they had never met, her tears would have remained dry deawanakereba kitto naitari shinakatta If only they had never met, her tears would have remained dry deawanakereba kitto naitari shinakatta And yet her heart continues to long soredemo mada kogarete And yet her heart continues to long soredemo mada kogarete
If only tonight were a full moon, we could call upon its holy light to protect Kaguya-chan.
If only we could entice her to do Aikatsu again, she would be sure to regain that same smile.
If only we had some idea of what could be done to save them.
If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the
If only you could see the spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach
If only you could see the spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight If only you could see the spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight Are you chasing after an endless dream?
- If only your adoring fans could see what a relentless monster you really are.
I forgot!
I formed a Friends unit called Pure Palette with Aine, and we work hard at Aikatsu every day.
I formed a Friends unit called Pure Palette with Mio-chan, and we work hard at Aikatsu every day.
I formed a Friends unit called Pure Palette with the top idol of our school, Minato Mio-chan.
I found the absolute most dramatic spot you can confess at!
I found your flower arrangement to be wonderful.
I found your flower arrangement wonderful.
If possible, I'd really rather not let them know how pressured and weak I am.
If possible, I would like to offer us coming back on another day to redo the event.
If she can pull it off, Coco-chan's show will definitely be a huge hit.
If she can pull it off, I'm sure Coco-chan's show will be a huge hit.
If she can't come, then we just have to go!
If she can't come to us, then we just have to go to her!
If she continues at this pace, she won't have any energy left to perform.
If she does, I wonder if she'll perform with Sakuya.
If she loses in this battle, it'll be proof that she's not worthy of being her rival.
If she loses, she doesn't have the right to reform or be her rival.
If she says I am unworthy, I must do whatever it takes to become a worthy Friend to her.
If she says I am unworthy, I shall do whatever it takes to become a worthy Friend to her.
If some circumstance is preventing you, is there nothing in our power we can do to help?
If some guy came asking me for your hand without any warning...
If that actually happened, I might be able to think we could work it out if we talked it through while I was alone.
If that is your goal, then there are two others who are far more qualified than us.
If that is your goal, there are two others far more qualified than us.
If that's the case...
If that's the case, then why not form Friends with anyone else?
If that's the case, why not form Friends with someone else?
If that's true, then Pure Palette has a real chance at this!
If that's true, there's no reason to hesitate.
If the audience ends up being empty, you won't be the only one damaged by it.
If the background and lights all suggest fire as well, the dress would simply be drowned out.
- If the background and lights all suggest fire as well, the dress would simply be drowned outs.
- If the background and lights all suggest fire as well, the dress would simply be lost.
- If the lines were even a single millimeter off it would entirely ruin its elegance, but the manufacturers followed the blueprints precisely.
If the participants in a variety show aren't having fun, the viewers won't either.
If there really are that many ghosts all in one place, do you think that means they're holding a fest?
If there's lots you wanna do, you just gotta do it all!
If they hadn't withdrawn, it very well could've been our loss.
If they hadn't withdrawn, we could've very well lost.
If they manage to catch us, then we...
If they're going out of their way to invite you, there has to be something special about this show.
If this happened for real, If this weren't for a drama, and all your memories really would be stolen, preventing you from ever standing on stage again...
If this is all you can do, it looks like our stage battle is out of the question.
If this is all you've got, our stage battle will be just a formality.
If this were to happen in real life, and your memories really would be wiped, preventing you from ever standing on stage again...
If we are only able to entice her to do Aikatsu again, she will surely regain that same smile.
If we became Diamond Friends...
If we can find a rare ingredient like that, thing'll really heat up!
If we can find a rare ingredient like that, things'll really heat up!
If we can get everything organized, that'll make you happy, right?
If we can prove that we have the power to overcome any obstacle, will you give us permission?
If we can't create a big bang at the audition, it'd besmirch her reputation.
If we can't make a big bang during the audition, we'll besmirch her reputation.
If we don't film today, we won't make it in time for the event...
If we don't finish today, we won't make it in time for the event...
If we go with a cute-type one, something like this.
If we go with cute type, something like this.
If we nab the lead parts and get to sing the theme song, we'll be able to spread Pure Palette's name far and wide.
If we're chosen as the leads and get to sing the theme song, To tell you the truth, my papa and mama run this restaurant.
If we're going to wear it as Friends, then this is no good.
If we're going to wear it as Friends, this wouldn't work.
If we're talking about absolute necessities to go abroad, naturally you need a passport.
- If we're together - issho nara We stand back up and get even stronger motto tsuyoku nareteru kara We stand back up and get even stronger motto tsuyoku nareteru kara Because we're together issho nan dakara Because we're together issho nan dakara I'm so happy the two of us met each other
If we want to express the magnificence of space, the Bi-Color Space Coord might be more appropriate.
If words will not suffice...
If you apply makeup with that look on your face, you'll only transfer your anxiety over.
If you ask anyone else, they'd say you're the younger sister here.
If you ask me, I think you two are perfect for the job.
If you ask us, we'd be pretty thankful if you were to drop out now.
If you become an idol, your cards will be friends, and your cheering fans will be friends.
If you broke up with me like that, I'd probably be able to convince myself that all it took to fix it was an honest talk, but when it comes to following through, I'd start to worry about whther you'd accept my feelings.
- If you can find it, you'll find your way out of this underground world and make it to the stage.
If you can find it, you'll make your way out of this underground world and reach the stage.
If you can remember me despite it all, be certain to come for me.
If you can remember me through all that, be certain to come for me.
If you can't get to the end before sunset, they won't let you on the stage!
If you confess when your gondola gets to the highest point of the Ferris wheel, they say you'll find eternal happiness!
If you could possibly find time in your busy schedules, please attend!
If you descend the mysterious stairway deep in the cellar...
If you descend the mysterious stairway deep underground...
If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way
If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way me wo sorashite ii koto
If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light
If you'd just ignored us, you would've had two fewer competitors to worry about.
If you'd just ignored us, you would've had two less competitors to worry about.
If you'd like, please take it with you.
If you'd like, want a sneak peek?
If you'd like, want to get a sneak peek?
If you'd like, would you join us for tea at our home?
If you don't hurry, the path to the stage will be blocked by cream!
If you don't mind me, I can come to speak in person right now.
If you don't mind, we'd like to introduce ourselves.
If you don't wanna get turned into a parfait, you'd better find an escape button quick!
If you don't wanna get turning into a parfait, you'd better find an escape button quick!
If you get crowned as the masters, Pure Palette will become a household name.
If you go now, you'll break Mio-chan's concentration!
If you go out now, you'll break Mio-chan's concentration!
If you had not stopped me, I would have left the stage filled with regrets.
If you have come to despise us, do say it forthright!
If you have not forgotten about me, be certain to come for me.
If you insert flowers between each of the cakes...
If you'll have us, we'd love to!
If you pass the challenge, you get a power up!
If you put everything you feel into words, I'm sure she'll understand.
If you put together everything we've got so far... How's this?
If your answers are an exact match, you pass.
- If you're able to find it, you can get out of this underground world and reach the stage.
If you're late then it's your loss, rock-paper-scissors shoot!
If you're not...
If you're too slow, then you lose, rock-paper-scissors shoot!
If you're wondering why it's the three of us today, it's all thanks to your mail-in requests!
If you stay inside, the only option is video games.
If you think it's reckless, you need not play along.
If you try putting on each one, it could take forever.
If you try putting them on one after the other, it could take forever.
If you two manage to win the Brilliant Friends Cup, you never know what miracle'll happen.
If you've chosen pink...
If you've got any questions, you can always ask Coco!
If you want...
If you want, I can meet with you right now.
If you want to participate in the Diamond Friends Cup, first you need a Friends unit.
If you win, I'll let you keep your memory.
If you win, I'll quit quitting the team.
If you win, you can do whatever you want.
If you would be with me even on stage, nothing could possibly be more reassuring.
If you wouldn't mind, could you be our guest again?
If you would, please present your answers, NaNiColle.
I gave it everything I had.
I get it.
I get it. It's always important to introduce yourself properly, just like when making friends.
I get it. It's really too bad we can't both go.
I get it now! Learning is fun.
I get it now. Things are really heating up!
I get it. So basically, leave everything to Aine-oneesan.
I get it! That's so fascinating!
I get it! They're my friends!
I get it! They're the same as friends!
I get that, it's a tough decision.
I get the feeling that Aikatsu will be more exciting than ever before.
- I get the sense that this gig will lead to toward Honey Cat's next step.
I get the sense that this gig will lead toward Honey Cat's next step.
- I get the sense that this job will somehow lead us toward Honey Cat's next steps.
I get to stay with Mio-chan!
I get you! I wanna perform! Or watch!
I get you! I want to go on stage!
I give birth to my dresses.
I give it the Aine Seal of Approval!
ignore the Diamond Friends.
I got a good taste of your determination.
I got a good taste of your will.
I got a little bit too intense about showing off my maturity in front of her.
I got a little too carried away trying to show off my maturity in front of her.
I got a spark!
I got a spark.
I got a spark, and it said we could definitely surpass Love Me Year.
I got a spark! Because of the one-day shadow, right?
I got a spark! Being able to stand on stage together is my happiness!
I got a spark of understanding what she's going through.
I got a spark of what my design's been missing!
I got a spark thanks to them.
I got a spark that it'd be perfect for your present.
I got a spark that this had to be your present.
- I got a spark that we could definitely surpass Love Me Tear.
I got a spark the second I saw your sketches for Sugar Melody, and I haven't stopped thinking about them since.
I got a spark when I was with Aine and I put that idea in.
I got good at it while putting dresses on and off the displays.
I got into a scary face contest with my pet Mocha-chan and made her cry.
I got it!
I got it.
I got lost in her voice.
I got myself sick right in the middle of an event where I was supposed to show everyone a good time.
I got that idea from you, Kaguya-chan.
I got the biggest spark of my life!
I got the final push I needed to ask you to become Friends from there...
I got the final push I needed to ask you to become Friends there...
I got them as presents to commemorate our friendship!
I got this for you.
I got to become friends with the whole audience too.
I got to learn a lot too!
I got to meet Mirai-san and become an idol.
I got to see a new side of you today.
- I got totally lost on my way to the audition.
I graciously accept your cordial invitation.
I gratefully accept your cordial invitation.
I guess...
I guess applications for the Best Friends Cup have opened.
I guess, but it doesn't help that all of them have.
I guess it was impossible for them to memorize the script that quickly.
I guess Mio-chan really is a top idol.
I guess my love was able to reach you.
- I guess only one pair can end up with that spot in the Diamond Friends Cup.
I guess so...
I guess that means we need to be the princes who wake them!
I guess that's fine, then.
I guess that's good enough.
I guess this is frienergy.
I guess we can't refuse.
I guess we'll just have to dig from one end to the other!
- I had a feeling! I knew that it would be fun!
I had a feeling you'd say that.
I had a feeling you were heading towards the Diamond Friends Cup stadium.
I had a gig nearby, so I decided to slide on over and watch.
I had a lot of fun too.
I had a lot of fun working with you at our café today!
I had a similar experience.
I had a spark!
I had a spark.
I had been avoiding Aikatsu for five whole years.
I had been missing something.
I had decided to discard Aikatsu and devote myself entirely to the Principality.
I had faith that you would. Which is why...
I had faith you would reply positively.
I had forgotten just how fun Aikatsu could be.
I had fun too.
I had high hopes for you two.
I had intended to restart our activities after she resolved the issue with the Principality.
I had no choice but to have you play rock-paper-scissors to decide who would make it.
- I had no doubt I needed her to be my Friend.
I had no idea!
I had no idea.
I had no idea how this would turn out when you two started fighting.
I had no idea it was that hard for you two as well.
I had no idea I was making my brother hold his feelings in by not playing together.
I had no idea Mio-chan lived in a place like this.
I had no idea that my mom was the one designing them.
I had no idea your dad had designed that limo too.
I had no intention of deceiving them when I went up.
I had one of my own too.
I had planned for Love Me Tear to just barely be able to move Gankoyama Oniemon's heart in the end...
I had the feeling you'd forgotten.
I had the impression that Noa-san was a scary person...
I had to pull a few strings.
I had to redo the embroidery countless times.
I happened to be in the final stages of designing, so I was on edge all day.
I happened to be putting the finishing touches on the design, so I was on edge all day.
I happened to run across this mushroom!
I happen to think it's plenty good as it is.
I happen to think it's plenty good as it is now.
I hardly even recognize the place.
I hardly mind. It's good to be energetic.
I hated it.
I hate having to sneak around and take pictures like I'm trying to dig up dirt on them.
I hate Reflect Moon!
I hate to ask, but would you mind waiting in the dressing room about half an hour?
I hate to ask, but would you mind waiting in the dressing room for about half an hour?
- I hate to say it but after that performance, I have to admit defeat.
I hate to say it, but after that performance, I have to admit defeat.
I have a big favor to ask.
I have a bit of a difficult favor to ask.
- I have all their concert DVDs and recordings of every one of their TV appearances, so pick anything you want!
I have already respectfully declined.
I have a lunch delivery.
I have a new job for you, Aine.
I have an idea where. Would you all like to join me on a little excursion?
I have an idea. Would you all like to join me on a little excursion?
I have an important announcement to make today.
I have a proposal for the event.
I have a request I can only ask of you.
I have a request. Please help me.
I have a request that only you two can fulfill.
I have a second favor to ask.
I have a TV show I need to shoot right now!
- I have a very special interview today.
I have a very special interview to give today.
I have been thinking for quite some time that I wanted to do something cunique as well.
I have done everything in my power to reinvigorate my people, but it pains me to admit that I ended up destroying my own health instead.
- I have every concert DVD and recordings of all their TV appearances, so name anything you want!
I have every concert DVD and recordings of all their TV appearances too, so name anything you want!
I have faith that I can face Alicia head on right now.
I have heard that in Japan, Valentine's Day is a day when girls profess their feelings to the one they love.
I have heard that in Japan, Valentine's Day is an important event where girls profess their feelings to the one they love.
I have high hopes.
I have just the new recommended menu for your ambitions. Would you care to take a look?
I have just the thing for it!
I have long since relinquished Aikatsu.
I have mastered every kind of Aikatsu in the world over these past five years, all to become worthy of being your Friend.
I have my Blanc Plume Coord, and you, the Noir Plume Coord.
I have my friend!
I have never once considered helping you as a burden.
I have never once considered helping you to be a burden.
I have no ability to ad-lib...
I have no alternative. I'll make do somehow on my end.
I have no chance against someone in Diamond Friends like you...
I have no choice!
I have no choice.
I have no choice but to do it myself!
I have no choice now that you have discovered the truth.
- I have no complaints about their characters, but their acting leaves something to desire.
I have no doubt that Love Me Tear would have been able to overcome this trial.
I have no lingering regrets.
I have no right to stand beside you.
I have no time for things such as Aikatsu.
I haven't actually started yet.
- I haven't been here since I was a child, so I don't really remember.
I haven't been here since I was a child, so I don't remember clearly.
I haven't even made my debut yet.
I haven't even started yet.
I haven't heard a max squee in a long time.
I haven't seen a max squee in a long time.
I haven't seen you since I moved away.
I haven't seen you since I moved away, which was about two years ago now.
I haven't taken it out once since I put it here this morning.
I haven't the slightest interest in others.
I have only one wish—for the people of my country to smile again.
I have pride, too!
I have pride too, you know!
I have recently restarted my Aikatsu.
I have so many things to say, my head's a mess!
I have so many things to say, the inside of my head's a mess!
I have something to tell you, the person who always supports me!
- I have something to tell you, who always supports me!
I have so much fun replying to each one.
I have so much fun replying to them.
I have to admit I was worried about them, but it seems like I didn't need to be.
I have to admit I was worried about them, but it seems like I won't need to anymore.
I have to admit though, when I saw you again after all that time and first heard it, I was pretty shocked.
- I have to admit though, when I saw you again after all that time, I was pretty shocked.
- I have to admit though, when I saw you again after all that time I was shocked to hear it.
I have to be honest with you.
I have to decline.
I have to do it.
I have to go.
I have to go out and Aikatsu harder so that I can get even a bit closer to you!
I have to go shoot for a TV show right now!
I have to make it...
I have to make one...
I have to overcome Mirai-san's final trial!
I have to stop by my hometown's soccer team practice before heading back to the academy.
I have to stop by my local soccer team's practice before heading back to the academy.
I... have to tell you something.
I have to think up a question quick.
I have to work even harder!
I have to work harder than this to fill in my five year gap.
I have to work harder to fill in my five year gap.
I have wanted to do something cunique for quite some time now.
I heard about all the fan mail you've been getting.
I heard all about how unreasonable you were with Aine-chan.
I heard all about the tons of fan letters you've been receiving.
I heard all about you from Mirai-chan.
I heard all your cheers.
I heard Ema-chan and Maika are staying at school and doing some intensive training.
I heard Ema-chan and Maika were staying at school doing some intensive training.
I heard everything from Tamaki-san.
I heard everything I needed to.
I heard from Ema-chan that Maika's brand, Dancing Mirage, is going to release their newest Premium Rare Dress soon.
I heard how you ran Aine-chan ragged today.
I heard Karen-san from Love Me Tear gave Mio-chan inspiration during the filming.
I heard macaron sales are through the roof too.
I heard right before I left.
I heard sales of the macarons are through the roof too.
I heard she's having a solo live soon.
I heard that people usually receive a ton of whatever product they advertise.
I heard the news.
I heard the news! You're going to be the head producer for a fashion show?
I heard the news! You're going to be the head producer for the upcoming fashion show?
I heard the two of them went to the Hero Bridge to design these dresses.
I heard they also busted out a Friends Appeal the first time they performed together as a temp unit.
I heard you'd been working yourself to the bone, so I figured you'd be craving pudding about now.
I heard you performed with someone for a recent event.
I heard you pushed Aine-chan to her limits.
I heard you've been working yourself to the bone, so I figured you'd be craving pudding about now.
I hear you're working hard towards your worldwide fan meeting tour.
I hear you're working hard toward your worldwide fan meeting tour.
I hereby appoint you as our official shaved ice maker!
- I hereby officially announce a collaboration between all Friends with Jeweling Dresses, the Jeweling Festival!
I hereby swear to spread love and Aikatsu around the world.
I honestly don't have even the smallest, tiniest recollection of what we buried.
I honestly want you to stand on stage with me.
I hope Aine-chan and Mio-chan are doing okay.
I hope Aine-chan and Mio-chan can still do okay.
I hope Coco was able to be of use to them.
I hoped to design a dress that could express this idea.
I hope Hibiki-san and Alicia-san can join hands as Friends again like the others managed to do.
I hope I can make tons of new friends in high school too!
I hope I get an offer for one of those soon.
I hope I get an offer for something like that soon.
I hope I'm not right, but we should watch our backs for a while.
I hope I'm wrong, but we should watch our backs for a while.
I hope it clears up tomorrow.
I hope our fans will enjoy our upcoming concert.
I hope that you'll be able to find a Best Friend who completes you some day, Aine-chan.
I hope they make it in time.
I hope those girls are actually managing to unwind a little.
I hope we can convey some of Hibiki-san's feelings to Alicia-san with our song.
I hope we can make it.
I hope we can meet again.
I hope we're able to convey some of Hibiki-san's feelings to Alicia-san with our song.
I hope you can find some keepers too.
I hope you haven't forgotten our promise.
I hope you'll allow me to repay the favor.
I hope you're not too disappointed with the small stage.
I hope your feelings are able to reach her...
I hope your feelings can get through.
I hope you will support me.
I humbly accept.
I-I ca—I c-can see...
I-I can see right through you!
I-I can't go on!
I-I can't handle sharks...
I-I can witch your true identity...
I-If you're gonna go that far, I'll have you know your face is an open book too!
I-If you're gonna go that far, then your face is like an open book too!
I-I just overslept and was in a hurry that time!
I-I'll try harder.
I-I'm afraid I can't accept your request so abruptly.
I-I'm afraid I can't answer your request this suddenly.
I-I'm Coco!
I-I mean, I'm Coco!
I-I'm not scared at all!
I-I'm not scared either! I can take it!
I-I'm only going as your manager, okay!
I implored her to divine the results of the Brilliant Friends Cup.
I implore you!
I-I'm Shirayuri Sakuya from Reflect Moon.
I-I'm sorry!
I-I'm sorry.
I-I'm so sorry!
I-I'm so sorry! She only just started as an idol at our school.
I incorporated a variety of color and material fusions into the design.
"Iine"...chan?
I-I offer my sincerest gratitude for assigning me to this role!
I-I should be fine now.
I-I suppose it's not an entirely unthinkably unfathomable thing to consider...
I-It's an honor to meet you. My name is Harukaze Wakaba. Thank you for your time!
I-It's fine.
I-It's my first too.
I-It's nice to meet you!
I-It's no good. We're already full up on work.
I-It's okay, I'll go with the one you want.
I-It's okay, I'll match what you want.
I-It's that!
I-I was in a hurry because I overslept that day!
I just...
I just booked your next show.
I just came up with the best Friends name for us!
I just can't...
I just can't give up Pure Palette.
I just can't help it when I see a friend working hard.
I just can't imagine you ever wearing this dress up on stage.
I just have to get out as many as I can.
I just have to tell you about this spark I got.
I just heard that alumnae are coming to teach the afternoon special lesson!
I just hope that nothing goes wrong...
- I just keep thinking of more things I want to say...
I just knew these two would hit it off once they got talking.
I just knew they could do it!
I just love, love, love it!
I just love the name, too.
I just never expected myself to be this hurt.
I just noticed that most people aren't coming alone.
I just remembered, is the school going to be all right?
I just remembered—you kept it hidden that you were a princess, didn't you?
I just sent it. Can you go see the client when they arrive?
I just sent it. Can you handle the consulting when our client arrives?
I just threw these together for you, but do any stand out in particular?
I just wanted to let you know that the world of top idols you're aiming for isn't kind to such childish thoughts.
I just want to do everything I can.
I just want to say, th-tha... thank...
I, Kamishiro Karen, as the Aikatsu goodwill ambassador, will devote myself to the promulgation of Aikatsu.
I knew I'd fail...
I knew instantly that I needed her to be my Friend.
I knew it!
I knew it.
I knew it! It looks fantastic!
I knew it! President Nekoyashiki said on Friendsta that Sugar went missing!
I knew it! President Nekoyashiki said she's looking for Sugar on Friendsta!
I knew it was you, Wakaba!
I knew it would be cold, but this is more than I bargained for.
I knew it would be cold, but this is worse than I bargained for.
I knew Love Me Tear with their powers combined had it in them to move Gankoyama Oniemon's heart...
I knew the Principality was in trouble, but I never expected it to be this serious.
I knew you could do it!
I knew you could do it if you tried!
I knew your predictions were never wrong.
I know!
I know.
I know, and her appeal was brilliant too.
I know, and her appeal was glimmering too.
I know better than anyone how you're feeling.
I know better than anyone how you're feeling, as I saw the state of Solvette firsthand myself.
I know, but...
I know, but what was that...
I know. For me, too.
I know how busy you are preparing to cover for Love Me Tear, but I'm making you help me with the gourmet report.
I know how busy you are preparing to cover for Love Me Tear, so thanks for helping me with the gourmet report.
I know! How can anyone else even compare?
I know! How many years do you think I've known you?
I know how the Friends who retired must've felt after seeing Love Me Tear's performance.
I know how the Friends who retired must've felt after seeing Love Me Tear's stage.
I know I'll be fine, because I'm with my friend!
I know I shouldn't be getting ahead of myself.
I know I shouldn't get ahead of myself.
I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like?
- I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know.
- I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know. - I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know.
I know it's a lot to pile on you even through summer break, but I'm still counting on you.
- I know it's a lot to pile on you leading up to summer break, but I'm still counting on you.
I know I used to be able to do it no problem before.
I know, me neither.
I know! No one else stands a chance!
I know, right?
I know, right? But I won't lose!
I know so!
I know that full well.
I know. That's why I want you to let me debut it as a brand at the same time as my debut concert.
I know. That's why I want you to let me debut it as a brand when I perform at the debut concert.
I know that. We've gotta bring it and make sure they can become Friends again.
- I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side
- I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side - kitto sugu soba ni iru no
- I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side Kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara
I know that you are right by my side I know that you are right by my side kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no I know that you are right by my side kitto sugu soba ni iru no And that we will never be alone
- I know that you are right by my side - I know that you are right by my side Kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no - I know that you are right by my side - kitto sugu soba ni iru no And that we will never be alone
I know the feeling of knowing that only one person in the entire world can be my Friend.
I know! They're shining much more brightly than they ever did alone.
I know this must sound arrogant of me.
I know. We've come up with a few ideas...
I know what my problem is already.
I know what you mean!
I know! Why don't we interview some of Love Me Tear's fans too?
I know you!
I know you can.
I know you can do this!
I know you'll be able to win.
I know you'll give us your blessing, Aine.
Ikou! minna aikatsu! zenbu aikatsu!
ikutsu attemo okemaru Just go wild and keep on doing your best yabai kurai besuto wo tsukusu dake Just go wild and keep on doing your best yabai kurai besuto wo tsukusu dake So jump over it all and beyond that you'll definitely make a buzz!
I learned from Love Me Tear.
I learned my lesson after that.
I learned something today!
I lent you a hand this time, but don't forget I'm still your rival.
- I let Reflect Moon get another step ahead of us.
I like it, I like it!
I like it. That gets my blood pumping.
I like that confidence.
- I like that. It's like you're hunting down prey.
I like that look in your eyes.
I like the cute look of Onee-chan's Sugar Melody, but Mio-san's cool brand, Material Color, is so chic!
I like them too, but I was more of an I Believe fan.
I like the sound of that, brunique!
I like your spirit! It's no fun unless you're serious about taking us down.
I listened to your radio show.
"I listen to all your radio shows." I'm so glad, thank you!
I'll admit I agree.
I'll aim to be the number one Friends in this dress!
I'll also be recording your tour for a Pure Palette dress making video later.
I'll always remember today by it.
I'll always worry, but they say that if you love someone, let them go.
I'll arrange some time off for you as well.
- I'll be a dual-wielding designer!
I'll be a dual-wielding designer too!
I'll beat Mirai-san with my Treat Holic Coord!
I'll beat you in our competition today!
I'll be back.
I'll be borrowing my friend Hibiki-san's stage to premiere my new song.
I'll be cheering for you!
I'll be cheering hard for you at the final audition!
- I'll become a dual wielding designer too!
I'll be counting on you, Ema.
I'll be counting on your help!
I'll be counting on you today.
I'll be counting on you to keep it up tomorrow.
I'll be fine.
I'll be fine! I trust in you.
I'll be fine! I trust you.
I'll be fine! It was my own fault for being bad that I got hurt.
I'll be fine now.
I'll be fine on my own from here.
I'll be fine, so just leave it to me.
I'll be having lessons over there, so I need my training wear.
I'll be having lessons over there too, so I need my training wear.
I'll be holding a solo concert this weekend. Please come if you would like.
I'll be in the Wondrous Pumpkin Coord.
I'll be in your care.
I'll be left behind if I don't study, you know?
I'll be like this dress and give happiness to everyone!
I'll be looking forward to seeing you two return together.
I'll be off, Mother.
I'll be okay. I can do this. Because...
I'll be okay, I swear!
I'll be on my own.
I'll be on my way.
I'll be overshadowed with only a tiny twinkle.
I'll be promoting Aine's show.
I'll be relying on you!
I'll be relying on your guidance.
I'll be right there!
I'll be sure to make it no matter what!
I'll be the judge.
I'll be waiting... above the full moon.
I'll be waiting for all of you, my friends!
I'll be waiting for you at the stage.
I'll be waiting for you, friends!
I'll be waiting here for you up until the second before the deadline.
I'll be waiting until the very last second before the deadline.
I'll be watching from the audience.
I'll bring it on!
I'll buy some time until you need to go on.
I'll call her for you.
I'll come along.
I'll create a big bang!
I'll decide after utmost consideration.
I'll decide whether you're fit for singing tomorrow.
I'll definitely attend.
I'll disgrace the name of Chouno Maika!
I'll do everything in my power to assist!
I'll do everything in my power to assist you today!
I'll do it.
I'll do it! Please let me do a solo live!
I'll do it... the commercial.
I'll do it whole!
I'll do my best!
I'll do my best again tomorrow.
I'll do my best not to let you get any scoops, so bring it on!
I'll do my best to live You're the best!
I'll do the commercial.
I'll end up losing all my memories!
I'll explain later. First, we run.
I'll fill up my Aikatsu Binder with cards too!
I'll find my own color no matter what!
I'll find out.
I'll find something that'll satisfy you no matter what!
I'll get this approved and uploaded to AiTube soon.
I'll get through this!
I'll give it a try.
I'll give it a whole shot.
I'll give it on!
I'll give that greeting full marks.
I'll go ask for permission again.
I'll go ask for you!
I'll go ask them to reschedule today's shoot.
I'll go ask to reschedule today's shoot.
I'll go back to the set.
I'll go warm up the crowd!
I'll have the most fun ever today and make Onee-sama bite her lip with envy!
I'll have to ask Sakuya-chan how I can get there sometime.
I'll head off to Candy Party's office right away!
I'll help out, Mio-chan!
I'll help out too, Mio-chan!
I'll improve at all of it!
I'll improve at all of them!
I'll introduce you. This is Director Nanno.
I'll just practice even harder, and get so good I won't get hurt again!
I'll keep challenging myself one step at a time to become closer friends with Alicia.
I'll keep on improving myself and aim to become Diamond Friends!
I'll keep our raincoat pic forever!
I'll leave everything in your hands, Mio.
I'll leave it to you then.
I'll lend it to you.
I'll lend you my power as well.
I'll let you keep your memories.
I l-l-l... love...
I'll look them up in an encyclopedia later.
I'll make a wish upon the stage in this Diamond Wish Coord my mom designed.
I'll make my color shine!
I'll make my color shine brilliantly!
I'll make our dresses shine even brighter than ever before!
I'll make our dresses shine no matter what!
I'll make sure your prediction is spot on so as not to besmirch your reputation!
I'll make this a show they'll never forget!
I'll make this a super easy explanation just-for-you.
I'll make this my best commercial yet.
I'll need Hibiki-san and everyone else too.
I'll need to surpass Love Me Tear.
I'll never forget.
I'll never forget this moment.
I'll never forget this present.
I'll never make that mistake again.
I'll never train with her, be taught by her, or have to deal with her crazy demands ever again.
I'll only say this once.
I'll open the map app.
I'll overcome it!
I'll pass.
I'll produce you the best time ever.
I'll put an end to this!
I'll raise my curtain with this Premium Rare Dress!
I'll raise the curtain on my fest!
I'll return right away.
I'll search for "Mio-chan".
I'll see about that.
I'll see you after!
I'll send it over in three days.
I'll send someone over once we're ready.
I'll show you that I can Aikatsu even on my own!
I'll show you what I'm like when I get serious!
I'll solve this incident...
I'll start AiTube!
I'll start doing AiTube!
I'll start us off then. We'll begin with the basics of design.
I'll stay with you no matter what.
I'll stick with you for everything you want to do, no matter how reckless.
I'll stick with you from now on.
I'll submit it right away.
I'll take it easy today.
I'll take this one then.
I'll take you one at a time.
I'll take you there then.
I'll tell you all about the field trip after I come home.
I'll treasure it forever!
I'll try asking Coco-chan.
- I'll turn any bad fortune you get on its head!
I'll turn any bad fortune you get on its head!
I'll turn any bad fortune you get over on its head!
I'll turn it into the best dress I can for your big debut concert.
Illuminate the darkness, Reflect Moon!
Illuminating the pure white stage in a variety of colors will give it a prismatic touch.
I'll up it to Friendsta when the episode airs.
I'll use every single ounce of my ability!
I'll wait until she's sorted her emotions.
I'll watch too!
I'll wear my most special dress, packed with sugary sweets to bring out the charm of Sugar Melody.
I'll work even harder at my lessons so that I can become a real idol as soon as I can.
I'll work hard too.
I lo...
I look forward to our bout.
- I look forward to our next opportunity to improve one another - Kamishiro Karen - Asuka Mirai "I look forward to our next opportunity to improve one another." This message...
I lost.
I lost...
I lost my way and was feeling helpless on my own.
I lost my way and was starting to lose hope.
I loved listening to all your stories.
I love funny girls!
I love Honey Cat's unique balance!
- I love Honey Cat's unique balance! - I love Honey Cat's unique balance! - Honey Cat! You can do it~ - Honey Cat! You can do it~
I love it!
I love, love, love it!
I love seeing you too!
I love skiing, and used to go to the mountains often.
I love smooth anko, but I can't handle chunky.
- I love that expression. You look like a huntress.
I love things like this.
I love to ski, and I went often as a child.
I love you!
I love you.
I love you both.
I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you I love you Me too.
I love you, so I have no choice.
I love you! You can do this!
I'm a bigger fan than before!
I'm a bit nervous.
I'm about to get into that hardcore.
I'm about to head over to do the final check with Chiharu-san. What about you?
I'm about to head over to see Pure Palette's concert. They're quite the intriguing Friends, and one even has a Jeweling Dress.
- I'm about to head over to see Pure Palette's concert. They're quite the intriguing Friends, and one even has a Jeweling Dress. - I'm about to head over to see Pure Palette's concert. They're quite the intriguing Friends, and one even has a Jeweling Dress.
I'm actually a witch.
I'm actually more concerned about whether I'll be able to recover my sense for Aikatsu after all this time.
I'm actually more concerned about whether I've lost my Aikatsu touch after all this time.
I made.
I made a promise with her too!
I made it.
I made it with you in mind, which makes it a dress just for you.
I made this dress especially for you.
I made us Pure Palette charms.
I'm... a failure as an idol.
I'm a fan of Pure Palette!
I'm afraid I won't be much use. I honestly don't know much about the jewels myself.
I'm afraid that can't happen.
I'm afraid that I am unable to eat this.
I'm afraid we can't yet.
I'm a fresh idol in Star Harmony Academy's idol track!
I'm a fresh idol on Star Harmony Academy's idol track!
- Imagine.
Imagine...
Imagine it.
Imagining that, I can feel myself being filled with more power than ever.
I'm a huge fan!
I'm a huge fan! Can I shake your hand?
I'm aiming to be the number one Friends with Mio in my Miracle Dress!
I'm aiming to reach a new world that nobody has seen before.
I'm all done for yoday.
I'm all for Mio-chan if I had to pick my Friends right now.
I'm almost a middle schooler myself!
I'm almost a middle schooler too!
I'm a local idol from Mie, ya see!
I'm already anticipating a great show from her.
I'm already getting nervous.
I'm already having you two educate me in frienergy.
I'm already nervous!
I'm also going to go ask her to become Friends.
- I'm also going to go ask someone to become Friends.
- I'm also going to go ask to become Friends.
I'm also kind of unmotivated.
I'm also planning to help out.
I'm also surprised that the audition you mentioned the other day was for this movie.
I'm also working hard every day so that I don't lose to my own perfect rival.
I'm also your long lost sibling!
I'm also your long lost sister!
I'm always carrying it otherwise.
- I'm always causing you worry.
I'm always doing it at home to help out.
I'm always doing this for Karen.
I'm always happy to help out a friend!
I'm always on edge worrying about whether you'll be late!
I'm an adult.
I managed to get everything I needed with your help.
I managed to get everything I need with your help.
I managed to get this Saturday off, and I wanted to spend it with you.
I managed to make it all fit!
I managed to wrap up my work faster than expected.
I'm an even bigger fan now!
I'm... a nuisance.
I'm ashamed of myself!
I'm asking about dramatically asking someone to form Friends with me.
- I'm asking about dramatically asking someone to form Friends with them.
- I'm asking about how to make a dramatic confession to tell someone I want to form Friends.
I'm at the top of both the Aikatsu and friends spheres.
I'm attracted to that potential more than anything else.
I'm aware.
"ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh
"ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway
"ima" wo meippai kanjite uh Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei We take that first step together, and now fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa We take that first step together, and now
"ima" wo meippai kanjite uh Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei We take that first step together, and now fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto - Filling your heart! Believe in it even
I may be bad at exercise...
I may be bad at physical activity...
I may have failed the audition, but I went at it with everything I had.
I may have simply been half-asleep.
I may not be able to erase the burden on your shoulders.
I may not be able to help you in any way right now, but I want to get better with you as Friends.
I may not be able to reach them yet...
I may not be able to speak much, but I want to do everything in my power to let you all enjoy yourselves as much as possible.
I'm back!
I'm back, but this time to make my debut.
- I'm being chased for a certain reason.
I'm blessed!
I'm Chouno Maika.
I'm Coco!
I'm Coco! Aikatsu Song Battle.
I'm Coco! Aikatsu Song Battle I'm Coco! Aikatsu Song Battle I'm Coco! Aikatsu Song Battle Red Team Dressing Room It finally started!
I'm Coco, the host!
- I'm coming to Tokyo to hang out!
I'm coming to Tokyo to hang out!
- I'm coming to Tokyo to hang out! - Ehh?!! When, when?!
I'm completely fine. I thrive in the heat.
I'm concerned that I won't be able to keep up with you as Friends after my long gap.
I'm confident I can do that!
I'm confident that I have still not reached my limits as an idol.
I'm counting on you!
I'm cutting today's training short to take you on a mystery tour!
I'm disappointed in you.
I'm disappointed that I lost, but well, no matter. There's always next week.
I'm doing a commercial today, so we won't be able to Aikatsu together, but our hearts are still connected!
- I'm doing a commercial today so we won't be able to Aikatsu together, - Even though we won't be able to Aikatsu together today because I have a commercial job, Our hearts are together even when apart!
I'm done with work, so let's meet up!!
"I'm done with work, so let's meet up." I'm done with work, so let's meet up!!
I'm done with you, Mio!
I'm drawing a complete blank!
I'm drifting away!
I'm drowning in the love of your performance and dresses!
I mean...
I mean, A-san! Wanted Aine...
I mean, evol ustakia!
I mean, how could I have ever expected this to be up there?
I mean, I might never get another chance to do Aikatsu with top idols like you ever again.
I mean, I might never get another joyous chance to do Aikatsu with top idols like you ever again.
I mean, I'm not like you are, Maika.
I mean, I'm not like you, Maika.
I mean, that makes it seem more like we're Best Friends.
I mean, the Master Battle Tourney goes through all sorts of different themes, right?
I mean, this is the first time I've had an understudy.
I mean, this is the first time I've had to look after a novice.
I mean, triple wield!
I mean yeah, if I could...
I mean yeah, it did feel like they were in a world of their own, but still!
I'm embarrassed I jumped to that conclusion.
I memorized it whole!
I memorized the watermelon's location whole!
I messed everything up.
I messed up!
I met Minato Mio-chan, the top idol of our school, and transferred onto the idol track.
I met Minato Mio-chan, the top idol of our school, transferred into the idol track, and started my Aikatsu.
I met Minato Mio-chan, the top idol of our school, transferred onto the idol track, and started my Aikatsu.
I'm even going to invite Reflect Moon with Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san, plus Baby Pirates with Marin-san and Rinna-san to join as guests.
I'm even inviting Reflect Moon with Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san, Be in the show!
I'm even more a fan than before!
I'm even more excited for the release of the film now.
I'm excited to see what they bring to the stage next.
I'm excited to see your Premium Rare dress.
I'm expecting a mind-blowing performance.
I'm feeling better already.
I'm feeling better now.
I'm feeling high and elated that about our new rivals.
I'm feeling kind of unmotivated.
I'm feeling more pressure than ever after seeing what Love Me Tear could do.
I'm fine. I've always wanted to try my hand at working in a café.
I'm fine. I will finish every bite!
I'm fine now.
I'm fine, really.
I'm fine, really. Let's do what you want.
I'm flattered you remember me.
I'm flattered you remember my name.
I'm forced to admit that this may be your first incorrect divination.
I'm freezing!
I'm getting even more excited to go and visit now!
I'm getting heated up for Honey Cat's Fan Festival!
I'm getting kind of nervous.
I'm getting so hyped!
I'm glad.
I'm glad...
I'm glad for them.
I'm glad I decided to ask you.
I'm glad I found you.
I'm glad I got to meet Mio-chan, but being able to tell her that in person made me even happier!
I'm glad. I'll bring something else that will keep you warm next time.
I'm glad I made it.
- I'm glad I talked the staff into this.
I'm glad it wasn't an incident.
I'm glad it was ready in time.
I'm glad I've been training in everything related to the moon every day like I was told.
I'm glad my Aikatsu was able to reach you.
I'm glad our reports are going smoothly at least.
I'm glad. She doesn't particularly seem to be forcing herself.
I'm glad, she doesn't seem injured.
I'm glad there wasn't an incident.
I'm glad though.
I'm glad to be here.
I'm glad to be here today.
I'm glad to be of any assistance at all.
I'm glad we could be of use.
I'm glad we had the perfect dresses for it.
I'm glad we made it.
I'm glad we're Friends.
I'm glad you enjoyed it.
I'm glad you know my name.
I'm glad you like it.
I'm glad you're all safe.
- I'm glad you're Friends with me.
I'm glad you're happy with it.
I'm glad you seem to have recovered.
I'm glad you understand just how incredible Karen-san is!
I'm glad you've got it under control. I'm excited to see your show tomorrow too.
I'm glad you've read it.
I'm going for a run!
I'm going on!
I'm going to Aikatsu, Aikatsu with Maika-chan!
I'm going to become an idol from the moon.
I'm going to become someone Mio-chan can place her trust in.
I'm going to be just like her one day!
I'm going to be the world champion.
I'm going to clamp onto you!
I'm going to end up being unworthy of staying Friends with Mio-chan...
I'm going to get some fresh air.
I'm going to have my first performance?
I'm going to have you guide some of them around.
I'm going to keep on doing Aikatsu with all of my friends.
I'm going to keep on wearing the Dancing Mirage dresses I love and Aikatsu the way I want!
I'm going to keep on working hard at my Aikatsu along with my friends!
I'm going to look for them!
I'm going to sing for you all, for my precious friends.
I'm going to stick with you!
I'm going to tell all my friends how great Sugar Melody is!
I'm going to use every ounce of my experience to make us the perfect dresses.
I'm gonna be in the show too!
I'm gonna cover just the facts of a top idol from head to toe!
I'm gonna do my best to make lots of friends!
I'm gonna get my own someday too!
I'm gonna grow even more while wearing my favorite brand!
I'm gonna introduce another popular Miracle Dress!
I'm gonna keep on making tons of new friends and do my best at Aikatsu!
I'm gonna play for Team Japan both on the field and on the stage!
I'm gonna put my nose to the grindstone and fill up every single seat!
I'm gonna put my nose to the grindstone and fill up every single seat on my own!
I'm gonna show off another popular Miracle Dress!
I'm gonna show the world all the facts about this top idol!
I'm gonna upload videos everyone'll love too!
I'm gonna work hard and make a bunch of friends!
I'm grateful for the offer, but I want to get through this on my own.
I'm grateful just to have something to do.
I'm Habara Mamiko, a reporter from Weekly Runrun.
I'm happy for them.
I'm happy for you! Do your best!
I'm happy that you picked something you felt I'd look good in.
I'm happy to be here.
I'm happy to have been of help.
I'm happy to hear it! Both of those are Penguin Café originals.
I'm happy to hear it! They're both Penguin Café originals.
I'm happy to hear that.
I'm happy to see you again too, Director Nanno.
I'm happy we have this opportunity together.
I'm happy you all like them.
I'm happy you feel that way.
I'm having you two educate me in frienergy after all.
I'm here for you, I'll be your star koko ni iru yo I'll be your star I want to protect you, I can be as strong as you need mamoritai kara kitto tsuyoku nareru I want to protect you, I can be as strong as you need mamoritai kara kitto tsuyoku nareru
I'm here with the daily report of Honey Cat's Island Crossing Fan Meeting Tour!
I'm her fan now.
I'm Hinata Ema! A middle school third-year on Star Harmony Academy's idol track!
I'm holding my Mirai's Miracle Audition soon.
I'm home, Mirai.
I'm honestly happy and excited to finally make it.
I'm honestly impressed with how quickly you've improved.
I'm honestly thrilled to have finally made it.
I'm honored!
I'm honored.
I'm Hoshimiya Ichigo! We have an important announcement to make!
I might be afraid of seeing what's truly inside her heart.
I might even be able to make an alien friend!
I might never get a chance like this again.
I might not be able to go to Solvette!
I might not be able to let you in the show...
- I might not be able to let you int the show...
I might not be worthy of being your Friend.
I'm impressed with how much you've gelled after having yourselves a good, earnest clash.
I'm in!
I'm inclined to think otherwise.
I'm in love.
I'm in! That's way more our style.
Imitating another is by no means a bad thing.
Imitating is by no means a bad thing.
Imitation is simply a stage of learning.
Imitation is simply one step of learning.
Imitation is the beginning of learning.
I'm jealous!
I'm just doing everything I can.
I'm just happy seeing this filled up.
I'm just kidding!
I'm just not getting any more views...
I'm just not in the mood.
I'm Kamishiro Karen.
I'm Kamishiro Karen. I'm pleased to make your acquaintance.
I'm kind of concerned.
I'm kind of nervous.
I'm kind of surprised.
I'm kind of worried.
I'm like Mio-san!
I'm looking for a producer so I can make my major debut.
I'm looking for boys to be in a commercial with me.
I'm looking for some fresh inspiration.
I'm looking forward to it, Wakaba.
I'm looking forward to seeing you two return together.
I'm looking forward to the event not only as a reporter, but as a fan too!
I'm looking forward to the event not only as a reporter, but as fan too!
I'm looking forward to this.
I'm looking forward to your entries!
I'm looking to bring my Aikatsu to a new level of cunique.
I'm looking to get some fresh inspiration.
I'm mad that Ema said she was going to match me...
I'm Minato Mio!
I'm Minato Mio.
I'm Minato Mio, a second-year at Star Harmony Academy middle school.
I'm Minato Mio, a second-year idol at Star Harmony Academy middle school.
I'm Minato Mio. Nice to meet you.
I'm Minato Mio's mother.
I'm Minato Mio. Thank you for having me today.
I'm Momone!
- I'm more amazed the book has that many details.
I'm more amazed the book has that much detail.
I'm more hyped than ever for the Diamond Friends Cup.
I'm more impressed with how you were able to coordinate time off for all of them.
I'm Nijino Yume! It's gonna be a huge surprise!
I'm no idol. I'm a boxer.
I'm not able to glow as brilliantly as Onee-sama on the stage.
I'm not a fan of the sweet kind.
I'm not alone or by myself hitori bocchi janakute I'm not alone or by myself hitori bocchi janakute I'm not alone or by myself hitori bocchi janakute Nor are we together with no-one else futari kiri de mo nakute Nor are we together with no-one else futari kiri de mo nakute
I'm not being negligent.
I'm not done yet!
I'm not entirely sure that's a proverb.
I'm not entirely sure this counts as competition anymore.
I'm nothing compared to you. I was able to learn a lot from the strong bonds you all hold as Friends.
I'm nothing special at all.
I'm not jealous...
I'm not like I was before!
I'm not like you, Ema...
I'm not really hungry.
- I'm not really into that.
- I'm not really into that kind of thing.
I'm not really into that stuff.
I'm not scared of anything anymore!
I'm not so sure about it.
I'm not so sure we can.
I'm not sure how far I'll be able to go...
I'm not sure how to act around her.
I'm not sure how to feel about this as her brother.
I'm not sure how to put it, but it's out of the ordinary! Like everything is shining.
I'm not sure. She doesn't pick up her phone or respond on friendLINE.
I'm not sure they provide for your family too.
I'm not sure what's going on, but I'd be glad to lend a hand.
I'm not sure what that says about your Friends.
I'm not sure. Whether by phone or friendLINE, she never responds to my contact.
I'm not that different.
I'm not that different. I still haven't even made my debut yet.
I'm now at the top of both the Aikatsu and friends spheres.
I'm off!
I'm off to settle the details!
I'm on board.
I'm on board with Mio!
I'm on break now.
I'm one too, so let's be friends!
I'm only getting all this work and making it so high in the ranking thanks to Mio-chan.
I'm only here now because of this...
I'm only preparing for my show.
I'm on my break. I was hoping my lunch would get delivered soon.
I'm on my way out for an overnight business trip.
I'm on top of my game!
I'm out of alternatives. I'll make do somehow on my end.
I'm over it. Besides, the audience and staff all loved it.
I'm overjoyed at passing the audition myself, but at the same time, I don't understand what happened to Aine-san and Mio-san's divination...
I'm overjoyed. It almost feels a waste to eat them.
I'm overjoyed they were able to be such good friends.
I'm overjoyed they were able to make such good friends.
I'm parched!
I'm particular about things, you know?
I'm Penguin Café's Yuuki Momone!
I'm planning to thank my fans in any way I can for all their support.
I'm pooped! I can't go on.
- Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement Honey Cat is going to space!
- Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement
- Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - Important Announcement - We've been trying to figure out what we'll do after the world tour, what Honey Cat's future will be.
Impossible!
I'm praying for your success with all my heart.
I'm prepared.
I'm prepared to begin.
I'm pretty sure it's the right direction though.
I'm pretty sure it was...
I'm pretty sure it was around here though.
I'm pretty sure that last year it was decided by a fan vote for the best performance.
I'm pretty sure you mean "bible".
I'm pretty sure you used this one during that drama.
I'm quite glad that your movie role and song were well received.
I'm quite looking forward to the Diamond Friends Cup.
I'm ready, Chiharu-san and Mio-chan.
I'm ready to do even more Aikatsu with everyone else.
I'm ready to go!
I'm ready to seriously try for Diamond Friends and to become Mio-chan's rival!
I'm ready when you are.
- I'm ready when you are! - Kakattekoi!
I'm really blessed to be able to wear such an amazing dress!
I'm really excited for it too!
I'm really excited to go out and have fun together!
I'm really glad.
I'm really glad we became friends, Mio-chan.
I'm really grateful you came!
I'm really happy!
I'm really happy I got to make friends with Paparazzi-san too after she gave us advice!
I'm really sorry!
I'm really sorry.
I'm really sorry about that Diamond Friends Cup.
I'm really sorry, Momone-chan...
I'm really sorry she's getting in your way.
I'm relieved that you seem better than I expected.
I'm relieved there weren't any effects on your work.
I'm reminded of how popular you are.
I'm reminded whenever I open my albums!
I'm right in the middle of a killer job!
I'm rooting for you!
I'm sad we can't see each other during school any more.
I'm scared they'll break.
I'm serious about winning this match.
I'm seriously coming at you to win.
I'm seriously impressed with how much you've gelled after having yourselves a good, earnest clash.
I'm seriously really annoyed!
I'm Shinkai Rinna.
I'm shivering just hearing about it.
"I'm sick and tired of having all these bad dreams lately.
I'm simply an idol.
I'm simply another captive of her charms.
I'm so distracted by you ignoring me that I can't concentrate!
I'm so excited! Can't get enough!
- I'm so excited! Can't get enough of this.
I'm so excited I can't help but squee!
I'm so excited to see who'll pair up that I'm having trouble sleeping at night!" How are you supposed to wake up in the morning then?
I'm so glad!
I'm so glad! Eat all you want and get better soon.
I'm so glad for them.
I'm so glad for you.
I'm so glad I became an idol!
I'm so glad I get to keep the dress from my memories!
I'm so glad I get to keep this dress as a memento!
I'm so glad I got to work under him!
I'm so glad, Kaguya-chan!
I'm so glad! They pulled it off!
I'm so glad to hear from you! Does that mean you watched their show?
I'm so glad we finally have the chance to be on stage together!
I'm so glad we're able to Aikatsu together.
I'm so glad you're okay.
I'm so grateful.
I'm so happy!
I'm so happy...
I'm so happy for you.
I'm so happy I got to see so much of the backstage.
I'm so happy I was able to see so much of the backstage.
I'm so happy! Thank you!
I'm so happy that everyone helped me make my dream come true!
I'm so happy the two of us met each other deaete hontou ni yokatta deaete hontou ni yokatta Positive to the max!
I'm so happy the two of us met each other deaete hontou ni yokatta Yeah, I thought they'd be a useful reference for Pure Palette Legends.
I'm so happy to have received Hibiki-sama's blessings...
I'm so happy to have your legendary soy sauce-glazed rice crackers again.
I'm so happy to hear you know who we are.
I'm so happy to see how many people came out just to see us!
I'm so happy we get to spend the entire day chatting as much as we want about Love Me Tear today!
I'm so happy we get to spend the entire day chatting our hearts out about Love Me Tear!
I'm so jealous! I wonder how much all the plane tickets will cost.
I'm so mad!
I'm so nervous!
I'm so nervous it feels like my chest might burst.
I'm so nervous my heart's going to burst.
- I'm so nervous my heart's going to tear.
I'm so nervous my words are getting caught.
I'm so nervous my words are getting caught in my mouth.
I'm so pumped up for it right now!
I'm so pumped up I feel like I could jump right out of the screen!
I'm sorr...
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry, but she's currently in a meeting.
I'm sorry, did all the noise wake you?
I'm sorry for all of my fans.
I'm sorry for being a failure of an idol!
I'm sorry... for being so mean earlier.
I'm sorry for dropping in on you so suddenly. Were you busy?
I'm sorry for shirking my responsibilities with my absence.
I'm sorry I kept quiet.
I'm sorry, I know you also wanted to form Friends with...
I'm sorry. I was in the wrong.
I'm sorry, I won't.
I'm sorry, Mio.
I'm sorry, Onee-sama.
I'm sorry she took so much of your time.
I'm sorry, Tamaki-san.
I'm sorry we couldn't share more.
I'm sorry! You just both seemed to be having so much fun I couldn't help but be touched.
I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry about my pets!
I'm so sorry about this.
I'm so sorry for all the retakes!
I'm so sorry for bothering you when you're busy.
I'm so sorry for everything, Hibiki!
I'm so sorry I'm useless!
I'm so sorry. I really should've checked on that before I sent you.
I'm so sorry, I really should've checked up on that before I sent you.
I'm so sorry, it was just a ruse that we had frozen from the blizzard.
I'm so sorry. I was trying to be secretive so as not to worry anyone, but it seems I've only exacerbated the situation.
I'm so sorry, Kaguya-chan.
I'm so sorry, they said we're in the wrong conference room.
I'm so sorry, they said we were in the wrong conference room.
I'm starting to get nervous.
I'm starving.
I'm starving after all that exercise.
I'm still not sure what kind of idol I want to be.
I'm still nowhere near as good as Ema-chan or Maika-chan, right?
I'm still uncomfortable around strangers...
I'm suddenly starving now that it's all over.
I'm super excited for the performance later too!
I'm super excited to see!
I'm super happy!
I'm super rooting for you I'm super rooting for you Good luck Good luck I love you Honey Cat I love you Honey Cat - You gotta win! Go go Honey Cat!
I'm sure Aine is doing her best right now too.
I'm sure an encounter for you is just around the corner.
I'm sure an encounter is just around the corner.
I'm sure everyone will try to help.
I'm sure I can do it.
I'm sure I'll be fine! My friend will be with me!
I'm sure it'll just be cancelled.
I'm sure Kaguya-chan was just as happy when you held out your hand to her.
I'm sure Kaguya-chan was just as happy when you held your hand out to her.
I'm sure Mio-chan is working just as hard too.
I'm sure she has her own idea of what to do.
I'm sure that one day you'll form Friends of your...
I'm sure that this ancient festival will be able to bring happiness to Solvette too!
I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado
I'm sure the flowers would be happy for you to have them.
I'm sure they'd be happy to assist.
I'm sure they'll be fine.
I'm sure they'll make it.
I'm sure they need it back.
I'm sure they would've rather slept in a bit longer, or even taken a quiet moment to calm their emotions.
I'm sure you all have plans with your families as well.
I'm sure your fans will love it.
I'm sure you want to avoid getting in their way as much as possible...
I'm taking this opportunity to show her a bit behind the scenes.
I'm talking about your Diamond Dresses.
I'm talking about your expression.
I'm Tenshou Hibiki.
I'm Tenshou Hibiki, and I'll be directing this project.
I'm the designer of Sugar Melody.
I'm the one who can't look her in the eyes.
I'm the one who invited her after she gave me a spark.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
I'm the one who should be thanking you for making me stronger!
I'm the project director, Tenshou Hibiki.
I'm the same. I want nothing more than for you both to be happy.
I'm thinking of having Aine do a solo live there.
I'm thinking of starting by checking out all the idol schools and workplaces I can find.
I'm thinking we can use it during the finals against Pure Palette.
I'm thinking we could bring it out in the finals against Pure Palette.
I'm thirsty.
- I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the
- I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing
I'm tingling up and down!
I'm tired!
I'm too happy for words.
I'm totally fine.
I'm totally fired up!
I'm totally re-energized now.
I'm truly grateful to you all.
I'm truly happy to see how many people came out just to see us!
I'm truly happy to see so many of you here to see me.
"I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta"
I'm truly speechless.
I'm truly stunned speechless.
I'm up it to Friendsta when the episode airs.
I must admit I didn't expect to see another Friends get one hundred percent rivals besides us.
I must admit I was surprised.
I must admit, this is rather unique.
I must also display my frienergy to Alicia!
I must be on my way. Goodbye.
I must catch up to Onee-sama!
I must confess, this may be your first incorrect divination.
I must conquer my weaknesses as soon as possible!
I must devote even more of myself to Aikatsu.
I must document it.
I must have been putting a huge burden on you without realizing.
I must have lost sight of myself after what happened at the Star Harmony Cup.
I must have lost sight of myself after what happened with the Star Harmony Cup.
I mustn't allow Love Me Tear's show to go unaired.
I must redouble my training.
I must redouble my training again.
I must remain on equal footing.
I must stand proudly upon the stage of the Diamond Friends Cup!
I must take some blame as well.
I must wonder if she'll be able to achieve that.
I'm very sorry.
I'm well aware that I'm basically a nobody compared to you.
I'm well aware that I'm basically a nobody compared to your popularity.
I'm wishing you all the best of luck!
I'm with you.
I'm working on a killer job right now!
I'm worried they won't be able to focus on their job.
I'm worried they won't be able to focus on their job together.
I'm your Aikatsu Navi, Coco!
I'm your fan, Aine-chan! Please keep it up!
I'm Yuuki...
I'm Yuuki Aine.
I'm Yuuki Aine, a second-year at Star Harmony Academy middle school.
I'm Yuuki Aine of Pure Palette.
I'm Yuuki Aine with Pure Palette.
In addition...
In addition, I have also requested the help of these two as special producers.
In addition, you brought out the full brilliance of your dresses.
In Aine's potential that Mio saw in her.
In all we have faced, and all we will encounter, we will never be apart.
In, and...
In anticipation of the Diamond Friends Cup this winter, Friends from around the country have gathered here to pit their skills against each other!
In any case, coming from the moon is simply a backstory...
In any case, I'm amazed you were able to realize it, Aine.
In any case, that's enough frolicking about.
In any case! We grew up in an environment very similar to this.
In any case! We have grown up in an environment very similar to this.
In any case, we must catch them at once.
In a preview of the Diamond Friends Cup this winter, an all-star lineup of Friends has gathered to compete.
In a way, I believe what you said about it being easier alone is correct.
In a way, that makes them the greatest friends of all!
In a week...
In a word...
In both lacrosse and idoling, competition means to aim for the win!
In both lacrosse and idoling, competition means you aim to win!
In both my style and Maika's!
In cases like these, you should add an accent color to...
In celebration of your successful solo live, we got to talking about throwing you a party.
- Include hearts and music notes on top of the plaid!
Including one like this will definitely bring out your shine.
Including you both.
- Incoming call...
In commemoration, Shirayuri Kaguya-san will be singing the insert song here for you.
Inconceivable!
Incredible...
Incredible! I can feel the love overflowing from Karen-san!
Incredible! We didn't even mention anything about that coord!
Incredible! We didn't even say that we had that coord!
Indeed!
Indeed.
Indeed...
Indeed! Although I'm the one in charge of eating.
Indeed. And only the chosen idols can wear the Jeweling Dresses.
Indeed. And the dresses they donned...
Indeed. But for me, giving up on her is not an option.
Indeed. But for me, I have no option of giving up on her.
Indeed. But it will still feel lonely.
Indeed, for it was such a ferocious fight that we could never bear to mention it in print.
Indeed, for it was such a ferocious fight that we hesitated to even mention it in print.
Indeed. Give it a listen.
Indeed, not just anyone could have done what you did.
Indeed. Now I can set off without any reservations.
Indeed. Now there's no telling which of them might win.
Indeed, that's our only option left.
Indeed. The Karen traps installed around every corner of the track were designed to provide the greatest possible impediment to the Friends.
Indeed. The same is true of the dresses they don.
Indeed. What a wonderful surprise.
In defiance of their love for one another, fate conspires to tear apart the Earth Prince brothers from the Moon Princess, in one final climactic scene.
In due time, great fortune will rain down upon the land...
I need to add something...
I need to Aikatsu much harder than before.
I need to become a strong enough person so that you can believe in me.
I need to become strong enough for you to believe in.
I need to become stronger if I want us to become Diamond Friends.
I need to be Mio-chan's greatest friend, and greatest rival!
I need to be more mature.
I need to be with Mio the day of the audition, so you'll have to go alone.
I need to be with Mio the day of the audition, so you'll have to go it alone.
I need to eat and build up my strength.
I need to get going to work!
I need to get it done whenever I can.
I need to get this right!
I need to go and see Aine!
I need to go change, so wait just a bit!
I need to go confess my feelings to Chiharu-san!
I need to go see Aine!
I need to go to the camp, but I don't want to skimp on lessons either...
- I need to go to the camp, but I don't want to skimp on the lessons either...
I need to hoof it to lacrosse practice!
I need to leave for work!
- I need to participate in the camp, but I want to do all the lessons I can too...
I need to put on my best performance for all the people who've cheered me on.
I need to remain on equal footing too.
I need to spend a bit of time at lacrosse practice before my lesson, but what about you?
I need to tell the producer right away. Hey!
I need to work hard for my show!
I need you.
I need you to help Alicia!
I never could've expected I would run into you in a place like this.
I never could've imagined a Friends like them...
I never could've imagined a Friends unit like them...
I never could've said that out loud before.
I never expected her to actually become friends with a paparazzi.
I never expected her to actually become friends with paparazzi.
I never expected her to be scared of ghosts.
I never expected that Coco-chan would be the surprise guest.
I never expected to see you here.
I never expected to see you start doing solo work.
I never expected you to start doing solo work.
I never knew!
I never knew.
I never knew how much you thought about me.
I never know how much I was always in your thoughts.
I never read anything about that in Love Me Tear Legends.
I never realized how big it was.
I never thought you'd actually become friends with Maito.
I never used to worry like this back when I did Aikatsu by myself.
I never wanted to lose your warmth ever again.
I never would've been able to say this out loud before.
In exchange...
In exchange, don't forget my souvenir.
In fact...
In fact, I love, love, love it!
In fact, I've never seen it happen.
In first is the one who correctly divined the discovery of the century, Shirayuri Kaguya-san!
In five! Four!
Info is spreading fast online and by word of mouth.
In her first foray, she kept the fact that she was the princess of Solvette a secret.
- In life, one must face times of utmost solemnity.
"In looking forward to the Diamond Friends Cup, I think it's about time for you as idols to start forming Friends.
In my return appearance on the drama Idol Witch, I ended up in a competition with Mirai-san.
In order for me to do Aikatsu with her...
In order to protect the smiles that have begun to return to our people, I must devote myself to the governing of our nation.
In order to protect the smiles that have returned to our people, Is there any way we rekindle her desire to do Aikatsu?
In order to win the Cup that occurs every winter, as Speaky Squee-san said, it's about time for us to start forming Friends.
I normally have someone to accompany me, but they had a prior engagement today.
In other words...
In other words, be exactly like us.
In other words, Coco-chan knew that an incident would occur today!
In other words, everyone's cunique!
In other words, I hold the key to your successful event?
In other words, she's basically Reflect Moon's younger sister.
In other words, the best idol in Japan!
I noticed how passionate you've gotten about your ballet lessons.
I noticed you staring at it in the corner store window when we were on a shoot downtown.
I now pronounce your dance perfected.
- In reality, I still have no idea whether those stones held a miraculous power.
In regards to how their power can be activated, And today, I hereby announce my return to idol activities!
In return, our company will support Honey Cat as well.
In short, it's A-san's fault for trying to lie to her friend!
In short, it's delicious enough to make me come back again and again!
Instead of a lemon float, we'll make a Wakaba squash.
Instead of asking me, you'd probably get better advice from Chiharu-san.
Instead of lemon floats, we'll make Wakaba floats.
Instead, you can say "evol ustakia" all you want!
Instructions are given via cue cards during recording ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Instructions are given via cue cards during recording.
In such a crowded field of sweets, how can we show off the appeal of the ChocoMint Macaron?
In tea ceremony, every tool has a prescribed placement and usage, each with its own meaning.
In tea ceremony, the use and placement of every single tool is predetermined for a specific reason.
In terms of popularity, ability, and synergy as Friends, Honey Cat is currently number one in the academy.
In terms of pure ability, you definitely have the advantage.
In terms of technical ability, you definitely had the advantage.
In terms of time, ability, and synthesis as Friends, Honey Cat is the current number one of the academy.
Interview Room Interview Room m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I'm sorry I ended up being the only one accepted.
- Interview Room - Interview Room - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 We're going to meet up that day.
In that case...
In that case, ahem.
In that case, all the more reason to go.
In that case, couldn't we win against Love Me Tear?
In that case, how about trying to make a two meter tall sandwich tower?
- In that case, how can I become an amaaazing idol like that?
In that case, I'll let you in on a secret that'll blow away all your jitters.
In that case, I'll let you in on a special secret that'll blow away all your jitters.
In that case, I'll match Maika.
In that case, I recommend the tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich.
In that case, I will begin with some light Aikatsu on my own.
In that case, let's chat together a lot from now on!
In that case, wanna do Aikatsu with us?
- In that case, what's currently second?
In that case, why don't we actually recreate that festival?
In that case, why don't we go dig it up?
In that case, will you also give up on your dream of Diamond Friends?
In that case, would you kindly lead the way?
In that case, would you mind giving us a hand with something?
- In that time, it seems like Aine appeared on Mirai-san's drama again and got a good jolt.
In the Best Friends Rare Dresses I made with Mio-chan, we won't lose to any rival Friends!
In the end, it's my choice.
In the end, they realized that they didn't need to be like anyone else.
In the end, we made a miracle happen.
In the finals, Pure Palette was pitted against Love Me Tear.
In the finals, we'll be up against either Love Me Tear or a Reflect Moon that's defeated Love Me Tear.
In the finals, we'll be up against either Love Me Tear or Reflect Moon who has surpassed Love Me Tear.
In the judges' eyes, perhaps my work was slightly superior.
In the leadup to the show, we'll need to double down on our backstory of coming from the moon!
In the meantime, it seems like Aine appeared on Mirai-san's drama again and found inspiration.
- In the meantime, it seems like Aine appeared on Mirai-san's drama again and found new life.
In the month since we came to Solvette, Alicia-san has remained walled off from Aikatsu.
- In the month since we came to Solvette, Alicia-san kept resisting the urge to Aikatsu.
- In the month since we came to Solvette, Alicia-san's walled herself shut from Aikatsu.
In the potential that Mio saw in her.
- In the semi-finals, we butted heads with our eternally strongest rivals and greatest of friends, Maika-chan and Ema-chan.
- In the semifinals, we went against our longtime rivals and close friends Maika-chan and Ema-chan from Honey Cat.
In the semifinals, we went against our longtime rivals and closest friends Maika-chan and Ema-chan from Honey Cat.
In the time I have left before I set off, I'm going to hold as many shows as possible.
In the time I have left before my departure, I'm going to hold as many shows as possible.
In this case, who do you think is in the wrong?
In this yearly tradition, one local girl becomes the Bird Girl and flies for the city's peace and happiness.
In this year's Brilliant Friends Cup, the winners are...
In three days?!
In three days.
In three hours?!
In times like these, I recommend immersing yourself in an elegant atmosphere before bed.
In today's finals against Pure Palette, Love Me Tear will release the Love Me Zone, and we will show you our ultimate stage.
into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana - So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu
Intriguing, so alluring, beauty is in everything omoshiro, wokashi subete utsukushii Intriguing, so alluring, beauty is in everything omoshiro, wokashi subete utsukushii - It's a bridge of sound just like in a dream - oto no kakehashi yume no gotoshi - It's a bridge of sound just like in a dream - oto no kakehashi yume no gotoshi
Introducing Alicia Charlotte-san!
Introducing, Alicia Charlotte-san!
Intuitively?
In two weeks, there will be an open venue available due to a cancelled event.
In two weeks, there will be a venue available due to a canceled event.
Invincible master?
In what way?
In which case, I cannot comprehend why she now despises Aikatsu.
In which case, why not float flowers in the water and make an aroma bath?
In your dreams! I'm just kidding.
In your opinion, which do you think suits me the best?
In zero gravity, putting in more strength simply makes you spin uncontrollably.
I often watch your shows on television and such.
I once felt like I could reach their level, - I got a spark, and it said we could definitely beat Love Me Year.
I only draw those as a hobby.
I only feel complete when it's you by my side.
I only forgot it behind once!
I only left it behind once!
I only made it all the way to the last round thanks to you.
I only realized what it was after we split up.
- I only wish to continue supporting you from the back so that you may shine upon the stage.
I only wish to continue supporting you from the shadows so that you may shine upon the stage.
- I only wish to support you from the shadows so that you may shine upon the stage.
I only won because you were singing with me.
I owe a lot to her.
I plan to keep on working hard alongside Aine!
I played dress-up a lot.
I poured all of my emotions into them.
ippo ippo chanto mae e And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal And one day we'll surely reach our goal
ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e ippo ippo chanto mae e Go step by step ever onward
I pretty much cheated.
I promise!
- I proposed becoming Friends with her at first sight.
I pulled off my greatest performance in my Neo Combination Coord!
I put in an idea that came to me in a spark when I was with Aine.
I quite enjoyed the departure from our normal sort of activities.
I read it in Love Me Tear Legends, Karen Series, volume 12, chapter 4.
I read it in Love Me Tear Legends, Karen Series, Volume XII, Chapter 4.
I read through your Friendsta.
I realized I want to Aikatsu with everyone too!
I realized that all I wanted was your opinion.
I really am a failure.
I really appreciate it!
I really appreciate it.
I really appreciate it, Tamaki-san!
I really can't!
I really can't.
I really can't...
I really feel like I'm a reliable veteran now.
I really had a whole lot of fun today.
I really liked how everything you did was totally different!
I really like that!
I really love that one line!
I really love that one phrase!
I really should've told you sooner.
I really, truly want to become Diamond Friends.
I really wanted to give it a shot, but my schedule's already full the day of the audition.
I really wanted to give it a shot, but my schedule's full on the day of the audition.
I received a communication from Charles this morning.
I received tons of frienergy from them all!
I recommend muting the volume on a recording or video and saying all the lines yourself!
I recommend the Treat Holic Coord for Halloween!
I recorded it too!
I refuse!
I refuse.
I refuse to disappear under any circumstances!
I remembered what you said to me one year ago.
I remember everything now.
I remember now.
I remember seeing an idol using this on a comedy show.
I remember seeing the episode that idol used this on a comedy show.
I requested of her to divine the results of the Brilliant Friends Cup.
I request it as well.
I require more training.
I respect both Karen-san and Mirai-san.
Iroha-chan and Himari-chan?
Iroha-chan, Himari-chan!
I said I can't!
I said it!
is Alicia.
Is Alicia.
I sang... in Onee-sama's place.
Is anyone hurt?
is as big as a hundred lacrosse fields!
Is a summer tournament held here every year in which Friends compete.
I saw Friendgram.
- I saw it live! You've just gotta find them! Kawaii!
I saw it on Friendsta.
I saw it the other day...
I saw the PV you created for Love Me Tear.
I saw the state of Solvette firsthand myself.
I saw you staring at it in the store window when we were at a shoot downtown.
I say bring it on!
I say no thanks to having a party with them!
is completely missing! Not a trace of what I recognize!
I see.
I see...
I see, Aine-chan and Mio-chan must've turned this into their power.
I see, Alicia-sama was part of this "Friends" thing with Hibiki-san.
I see. And that led to a fight between A-san and B-san.
I see, evolving. They're amazing.
I see. Good luck with the commercial.
I see, I see. What about you, Maika?
I see. It must've been Mirai's performance.
I see, it's slacklining.
I see. Mio-chan...
I see now. I understand.
- I see now. Like Tamaki-san said, it could be worth considering a partner outside my comfort zone.
I see now. Like Tamaki-san said, it could be worth picking a partner I wouldn't normally consider.
- I see now... Like Tamaki-san said, it's worth considering pairing with someone I wouldn't normally consider.
I see. No wonder it's called the Diamond of Friends everywhere!
I see now. So Aine-chan and Mio-chan have finally gotten close enough as Friends to fight.
I see. Solvette has very cold weather, after all.
I see, so that's evolution.
I see, so the call for stand-ins fell to you.
I see. So your journalist blood is stirring.
I see. So your journalist blood stirs.
I see. So you were watching me.
I see. Thank you.
I see! That does indeed sound like fun.
I see. That must've been rough.
I see. That's a relief.
I see... That's unfortunate.
I see they've already been put to the grinder.
I see... this smells like a case!
I see! Today I learned.
I see what's going on.
I see. You came to the right person.
I see you had already found the Emerald Jewel, Alicia.
I see, you have a point.
I see you haven't realized yet.
I see you're all here.
I see. You're right.
I see... You're right!
I see you're taking nutritional balance into account as usual, Mio-chan. That's admirable.
I see you've already found the Emerald Jewel, Alicia.
I sense an ominous aura arising from this shrine.
- I sense an ominous aura coming from this shrine.
I sense many presences here.
- Is entered in a lottery with a chance to "Mio's Cool Spark Stage".
- Is entered into a lottery for a chance to go on "Mio's Cool Spark Stage".
Is everything all right, Kaguya-san?
I shall commit my full efforts every day to deliver love to everyone.
I shall divine.
I shall do it instead.
I shall make certain the event proceeds without a hitch.
I, Shirayuri Sakuya, together with my twin sister, Shirayuri Kaguya, hereby form our Friends, Reflect Moon.
I should be thanking you for making me stronger!
I should be the one thanking you.
I should expect no less!
I should feel disappointed, but I had so much fun.
I should really be staying with you, but I have additional shows lined up to do.
I should reflect more thought.
I should start by paying my respects to those who helped me in the past and those I'll be working with now.
I should still apologize for tricking you. I'm sorry.
I should've been trying to overtake Mio-chan from the very start!
I should've introduced you two earlier.
- Is I Believe's rematch with Love Me Tear near?
- Is I Believe's rematch with Love Me Tear near? - Tickets sold out instantly! - Fans overjoyed as I Believe is reunited I Believe is the most searched keyword in the world right now!
- Is I Believe's rematch with Love Me Tear near? - Tickets sold out instantly! - Fans overjoyed as I Believe is reunited - Legendary Friends I Believe Reforms - Behind the scenes at I Believe's restart - Every fan's dream!! I Believe is back! - Just Who is I Believe?
I simple served to cause trouble for you all. Please forgive me.
I simply have no other talents to speak of.
Is imply have no other talents to speak of.
I simply reached where I am today by proceeding down the path of spreading love around the world.
I simply wish to master my way.
I sincerely appreciate it.
I sincerely await the day we can be Friends again.
Is it about the acting part?
Is it already over?
Is it just me, or has Tama-chan seemed rather chipper lately?
Is it just me, or has Tama-chan seemed rather hyper lately?
Is it morning in Japan?
Is it morning in Japan? Or is it already afternoon?
Is it my imagination?
Is it okay?
Is it okay for us to do Aikatsu?
Is it possible that you are in possession of a particularly refreshing coord?
Is it possible that you are in possession of a rather refreshing coord?
Is it really that amazing of an event?
Is it shining yet?
Is it the same for you, Alicia?
Is it true that you designed it yourself?
Is it truly right to outlaw the passion that the fans feel for it?
Is it truly the right thing to do to attempt to forcibly close the fans' hearts to it?
is me!
Is me!
Isn't dowsing when you use two metal rods to search for buried treasure?
Isn't it because they couldn't get any tickets?
Isn't it cunique?
Isn't it fine?
Isn't it fun to Aikatsu together?
Isn't it identical?
Isn't it just fine to kick back and relax sometimes?
Isn't it just full of cute Wakabaness?
Isn't it just the perfect name for us, as identical as reflections in a mirror?
Isn't it just the perfect name for us, mirror images of each other?
Isn't it like a wrapped present?
Isn't it more efficient to do Aikatsu on your own?
Isn't it mysterious?
Isn't it super cunique?
Isn't it where the Miracle Audition was held?
Isn't she from Pure Palette?
isn't something one simply goes into!
Isn't something one simply goes into!
Isn't that...
Isn't that a volcano?! Right?!
Isn't that fine though?
Isn't that Maika-chan and Ema-chan dancing with her?
Isn't that nice of them? I'll get right to adjusting your schedules.
- Isn't that right?
Isn't that true of us?
Isn't this...
Isn't this exciting?
Isn't this her first time acting?
Isn't this scenery just breathtaking?
Isn't this the girl from I Believe?
Isn't this the lesson room?
Isn't this the one you used for that drama?
I somehow seem to have defended Onee-sama's honor.
I sort of feel like a soda gone flat.
I spent five whole years avoiding Aikatsu.
I spent so much time prepar...
I spy matsutake delishrooms, said to be a hundred times better than normal mushrooms, up there!
is really heating up!
is required to give me advice on how to become an idol myself.
Is required to give me advice on how to become an idol myself.
Is she going to quit I Believe?
- Issho nara - issho nara We stand back up and get even stronger We stand back up and get even stronger motto tsuyoku nareteru kara motto tsuyoku nareteru kara Because we're together Because we're together issho nan dakara issho nan dakara I'm so happy the two of us met each other
issho ni issho ni With everyone as far as we want to With everyone as far as we want to minna to nara dokomade demo minna to nara dokomade demo Let's go on together Let's go on together issho ni ikou yo issho ni ikou yo - Wearing Cute - kyuuto ni
issho ni issho ni With everyone as far as we want to With everyone as far as we want to minna to nara dokomade demo minna to nara dokomade demo Let's go on together Let's go on together issho ni ikou yo issho ni ikou yo Wearing Cute kyuuto ni
Is someone... there?
Is something the matter?
Is something wrong?
is space.
Is space.
Is Sugar Melody your brand?
I started decorating.
Is that...
Is that acceptable?
Is that a festival?
Is that a forest?
Is that Aikatsu too?
Is that a new one?
Is that a problem?
Is that Chihori-san and Eru-san from Snow White Maidens?
Is that correct?
Is that curling?
Is that for Material Color?
Is that fun for you?!
Is that girl for real? I can't believe she ordered on her own again.
Is that I simply realized that Hibiki is not worthy of me.
- Is that real?
Is that really Aikatsu?
Is that the design for your Best Friends Rare Dress?
Is that trouble on the horizon?
- Is that true?
Is that true?
- Is that what caused you concern about us?
Is that what happened?
Is that what made you concerned about us?
Is that what the knights are doing?
Is that what you think?
- Is that why you were worried for us? - And then you were worried for us?
Is that with Ema-chan and Maika?
Is that your answer, Mio-chan?
Is there any chance you would consider it?
Is there anyone who lose their smartphone?
Is there any way we can rekindle her desire to do Aikatsu?
Is there perhaps something you would like to speak to Kozue-san about?
Is there some sort of trouble?
Is this...
Is this a campground?
Is this a dress you designed?
Is this Aikatsu?
Is this all due to a divination?
Is this but a dream or fantasy?
Is this diamond frienergy?
Is this for a cooking show?
Is this... going to work out?
- Is this gonna work out?
Is this practice even going to make a difference?
Is this really the sort of thing our fans want to see us doing?
Is this supposed to be a surprise?
Is this the Aine version? I love it!
Is this truly good enough?
Is this you?
I still can't bear to look her in the eyes.
I still feel like they're missing something.
I still haven't introduced myself.
I still know none of the specifics.
I still think Aikatsu looks like fun.
I still think we should go with the Chandelier Gold Coord for the audition.
I still want to be friends with you!
I still want to do absolutely everything I can!
I still want to sing!
I still want to sing tomorrow!
I still want to win this competition and go with you to the Brilliant Friends Cup!
is to make our own brand!
Is to make our own brand!
I stopped worrying about surpassing Love Me Tear's legend or the outcome of our battle.
I strive to always be natural.
I strive to be a presence that can help someone get through their day with a smile.
I strive to be both an idol and an artist.
I strive to be the presence that can help someone get through their day with a smile.
I summon thee, Riffraffians!
I supported her in every way I could, until...
I support you!
I suppose considering how energetic you are, the pop type Candy Party would be my recommendation.
I suppose if you insist.
I suppose it is my turn next.
I suppose it is my turn now.
I suppose, just a little.
I suppose those two are more chipper than us all.
I suppose those two are more hyper than anyone else.
I suppose wallowing in depression won't resolve anything.
- I suppose wallowing in my failures won't resolve anything.
- I suppose wallowing in my thoughts won't resolve anything.
I sure did. Honey Cat is by and far the favorite this year.
I sure did. Honey Cat is by and far the favorite to win this year.
I sure do!
I sure was happy. Up on the Ferris wheel...
I sure would like to wear dresses like this one day.
I swear I'll make it a success!
I swear I'll return. Consider it a promise.
Is what I'd normally say, but not today.
is what it says.
Is your desire to flee us so strong you would tell such a terrible lie?
Is your filming over?
Is your gift for Mio-chan all set to go?
Is your interview over?
Is your ultimate goal to end up like them?
is your very first dress.
I take care of myself, so it's fine.
It all began on our first Christmas together as Friends.
It appears I'll have to order an urgent rewrite of the script.
It appears I must have a talk with the head knight, Snowdan.
It appears that the two of them are doing warm-up exercises before their show.
It appears that the upcoming Best Friends Cup is going to be an uphill battle.
It appears that way to me.
It appears they are having a debate about how to drive.
It appears they're building a stage of snow.
It appears they're struggling without her there in person.
It appears to be the courtyard at Star Harmony Academy.
It appears to be the Star Harmony Academy courtyard.
It became a memory I'll always hold dear.
- It became a memory that I'll never forget.
It brought back memories.
- It came to me!
It came to me thanks to the exercise.
It can't be!
It can't be...
It can't be like anything before.
It can't be, the people...
It can't be! The people...
It can't be too much like me.
It can't be true!
It can't be. Wanting to do Aikatsu is bad?
It can't be... Wanting to do Aikatsu is bad?
It certainly has been a while, Mio.
It comes as no surprise that the wall they stand before is tall, - but even so, Aine-chan and Mio-chan are about to face the fight of their lives.
It comes from the connections you form when your hearts unites with your fans'.
It comes from the connections you form when your hearts unite with your fans'.
It continues towards the future of Aikatsu!
It could be that she entered the zone.
It could mean she makes a huge mistake, or worse, suffers a debilitating injury.
It could've potentially been a conflict of interest.
It could work.
It covers their entire lives in great detail.
It'd be a bigger waste not to.
It'd be a bigger waste to not.
It'd be a waste otherwise!
It'd be nice to have a few variations on the trope too!
It'd be nice to have a few varieties on the trope too!
It'd be such a waste!
It'd disgrace the name of Chouno Maika!
It didn't go well?
It didn't look this high up from the ground!
It didn't seem to me that you entered the Aikatsu Zone on stage.
It does make me happy, but...
It doesn't happen often.
It doesn't look like Mirai-san is here either.
It doesn't look like this year's Best Friends Cup will be as straightfoward as the ones in the past.
It doesn't matter if they won or lost.
It doesn't really suit my tastes.
It doesn't seem too far away. This looks like the nature park a bit upstream on the river.
It doesn't seem too far away. We just have to go up the river to the nature park.
It does sound nice though.
It ended up being a huge success!
It feels as though I've wandered into a fairy-tale world.
It feels as though I've wandered into the world of a fairy tale.
It feels fresh and fun sharing opinions with you.
It feels like an eternity since we last ran together.
It feels like the dress itself is a spring of energy.
It feels like we sprinted the whole way.
It feels like we were sprinting the whole way.
It feels so good being able to respond to our fans in person.
It feels strange just by changing up the chant.
It felt great!
It felt just like when I watch Love Me Tear.
It fit!
It fits!
It fits the full moon theme perfectly.
It gave me goosebumps, and they're just not going away.
It gets dry inside planes, and what good is an idol who can't sing?
It goes to show just how far she's polished her dancing.
It happened during our very first Diamond Friends Cup.
It happened soon after you rushed back from your secret study abroad in Japan.
It happens to be this lady's home.
It has 380,000 views?
It has 380 thousand views?
It has a candy motif and vivid red brilliance.
It has a royal-looking silhouette, befitting the princess of an entire country.
It has been our pleasure to host Friend Record TV, but as of today, we will be graduating from it.
It has been several years since you last met, has it not?
It has nothing to do with divinations.
It has to be an even more amazing design.
I think becoming Friends with you may have been the second big bang of my life!
I think boys should be allowed to get in on the fun too.
I think Coco-chan could've helped you out too.
I think I can give you a little sneak peek of some dresses we're using.
I think I can understand a little of what Hibiki-san's going through.
I think I can understand. Because for me, the only Friend I can consider is Aine.
I think I can understand what was going through their minds.
I think I can understand why you're so absorbed in it.
I think I do.
I think I figured out where they're heading!
I think I found my answer.
I think I'll order one too.
I think I'm hooked on you now!
I think I recognize this area.
I think it'll be perfect for Mio's image...
I think it may be a cursed stone that follows those who pick it up to the ends of the earth.
I think it's about time for a snack.
I think it's about time for you to think about forming Friends.
I think it's kinda different...
I think it's sad to see former Friends stay separated.
I think it's well put together as it is, and its maturity and coolness suit you well.
I think it's well put-together as it is, and the maturity and coolness suit you well.
I think it went this way!
I think I understand. Because for me, Aine is the only person I consider my Friend.
I think I want to tell our fans about the raw emotions I'm feeling now.
- I think I want to tell our fans everything I'm feeling now without holding back.
I think I was probably feeling insecure.
- I think maybe there might be a single right shoe mixed in.
- I think maybe there's just a single right shoe in here.
I think maybe there's just a single right shoe mixed in.
I think Mio's image fits it perfectly...
I think my heart stopped for a second there!
I think next I'll show you a little sneak peek of some dresses we're using.
I think not. It will be me.
I think Penne's been trying to communicate with you in his own way the whole time.
I think reading through the script to understand my character's feelings is important too.
I think she has the potential.
I think she has the talent.
I think she may have been frightened by the huge crowd.
I think she may have been frightened by the large crowd.
I think so too.
I think that because we earnestly clashed through it, Honey Cat was able to take a huge step forward.
I think that because we had that earnest clash, Honey Cat was able to take a huge step forward.
I think that getting footage of the lobby will help convey Love Me Tear's popularity.
I think that's enough formalities for one day.
I think the food should be done cooking by now. Dad helped me prepare tonight's meal.
I think the most important thing there is making your fans happy.
I think they'll end up with wonderful dresses.
I think this must be love.
I think to me, that was probably...
I think we came to tell the shrine rock we decided to reform our Friends...
I think we came to tell the shrine rock we decided to return to our original Friends...
I think we'll be taking revenge for the Diamond Friends cup today.
I think we'll be taking revenge for the Diamond Friends Cup today.
I think we should let Wakaba take the spotlight then.
I think you're getting ahead of yourself, Momone.
I think you're more impressive.
I think you're the only person in the world who could do it.
I think you should trust in your efforts and focus on being yourself tomorrow.
I think you should trust your hard work and focus on being yourself tomorrow.
I think you two are beyond that.
It hit me the moment I dove in.
I thought all I had to do was follow in her footsteps.
I thought I could actually see Sakuya-chan going back to the moon!
I thought it had been buried by yesterday's blizzard.
I thought it was just a tall tale they told me as a kid, so I never expected it to be real.
I thought I was prepared, but after being rejected in person...
I thought I was prepared, but after being rejected to my face...
I thought Maika might be the one...
I thought Maika might've been the one...
I thought my heart would stop!
I thought something was wrong with me, and that I had to change.
I thought something was wrong with me, that I had to change.
- I thought that all I had to do was surpass Love Me Tear.
I thought that everything would keep coming up roses.
I thought that if I could find the courage to jump off, I'd be able to change myself somehow.
I thought that if I showed her a picture I took on the moon, she'd believe you.
I thought that if I showed her a picture I took on the moon, she'd believe you too.
I thought you'd be able to tell her all nonchalant, but I guess you've got an endearing side too.
I thought you said you wouldn't be home until next week.
I thought you were always cool and composed, but I guess you have a cute side too.
I thrust everything onto Ema, and all I do is complain.
It hurts to admit, but I'll approve of you just this once, Onee-chan!
It hurts to admit it, but I'll approve of you just this once, Onee-chan!
It indicates the location Onee-sama and I buried a time capsule as children.
It is...
It is a lifelong, unforgettable memory.
It is a memory that will be with you for life.
It is an honor.
It is an honor to meet you, Monsieur Zack Baran.
It is a pleasure to be here.
It is a pleasure to be working with you.
It is as if they perfectly reflect the love bubbling up from a pure heart.
It is beyond my station to stand beside you.
It is entirely up to you to decide whether you believe my divinations.
It is entirely up to you whether to believe in my divinations or not.
It is far too noble, this dessert.
It is I, Girly Honey!
It is my duty as manager to be by her side precisely at times like this.
It is none of your concern.
It is not enough.
It is said that only when a dancer performed did she once again open her heart.
It is simply that I found Mirai's performance absolutely splendid.
It is simply that I found Mirai's performance to be absolutely splendid.
It is stealing the smiles from our people once more.
It is that there are still far too many children around the world who unable to do Aikatsu despite their wishes.
It is the peak of cuniqueness!
It is the Topaz Jeweling Dress.
It is those very people who wish for...
It is time, Onee-sama.
It is time to depart for the TV station.
It just goes to show how many amazing idols are out there beyond our bubble.
It just goes to show how much she was looking forward to go camping with Aine-chan.
It just raises more questions about what the jewels really are.
It just seems like she's feeling down.
It just shows how much she was looking forward to going camping with Aine-chan.
It keeps on flooding toward us!
It'll be a thorny path.
It'll be at their discretion.
It'll be busier than ever, but I know you can handle it!
It'll be fine, Mio! Let's go and persuade Alicia-san together.
It'll be lonely without you, but good luck!
It'll be rough not having you though.
It'll be streamed on AiTube, and if you have the time, would you watch along?
It'll be the sister brand to mine, Luna Witch.
- It'll be tough keeping up with all this work until summer break, but I'm still counting on you.
It'll be your turn next.
It'll conquer the airwaves without question.
It'll definitely be a fun time.
It'll definitely be busier than ever before, but I know you can handle it!
It'll just consume you instead!
It'll make a splash for sure.
It'll require a lot of time and effort.
It'll require a lot of time and effort too.
It'll start to happen to you too, soon.
It looked like a long-lost light that contained the brilliance of all the Jewels put together.
It looks like Ema-chan was able to help Mio-chan enjoy camping.
It looks like I'll have to start planning for the Pure Palette Legends, Principality of Solvette chapter!
It looks like it'll be a while yet before I can return all their frienergy.
It looks like jobbing will be quite the workout by itself.
It looks like jogging will be quite the workout by itself.
It looks like Mio-chan was able to shed another layer of her shell.
- It looks like she has a fever.
It looks like Tamaki-san and Ken-san fell behind.
It looks like the Solvette chapter of Pure Palette Legends is coming soon!
It looks like this has turned into a head-to-head fight between Yuuki Aine and Asuka Mirai!
It looks like this year's Aikatsu Song Battle has ended in a tie between Red and White.
It looks like we'll be able to make it to the stage before our time limit at sunset.
It looks like we'll be together for the next recording too.
It looks like you can fit a ton in here!
It looks like you're having fun being with Maika-chan.
It looks like you're having fun with Maika-chan.
It looks so real!
It looks super spacious inside.
It made me happy being able to celebrate with them all.
It makes me feel all warm and fuzzy inside and makes me smiley.
It makes you feel close!
It makes you feel intimate!
It managed to be flashy without being gaudy.
It may be true that the Cinderella video was a stroke of good luck.
It may even be none. They were serious about this being harsh.
It may have been thanks to this rock that we were inspired to try it.
It may have been this rock's influence that inspired us to try it.
It may have been this rock that inspired us to try it.
It may have been to instill confidence in Wakaba-chan, but I was on pins and needles over whether it would backfire.
It means that so long as you do not give up, endless possibilities await.
It means that so long as you never give up, endless possibilities await.
- It might be because we've been on tour so long.
It might be faster if you walk.
It might be the power of your desire to befriends all your fans.
- It might not be possible to let you in the show...
It might take my entire life and then some just to do it! What should I do?!
It must be because of Mio-chan's help.
It must be really beautiful!
It must be so hard for you to make time together.
It must be thanks to seeing Honey Cat do it on stage.
It must have been a lot of work.
It must've been hard on you.
I told myself I'd never be able to match someone who was a top idol before I even started.
I told you about her before.
I told you, I hate Reflect Moon.
I told you! We have to cheer for them lots and lots more, and then one day, we'll get to go to the moon!
It only proved that I am not fit to sing.
It only proved that I am not fit to sing for you.
I took it with me during my Spacekatsu.
I took that picture.
I took the bus.
I took the train and bus...
I totally get that!
I totally get that feeling.
I totally saw them! Both Karen-san's press conference and Mirai-san's commercial!
I transferred halfway here.
I traveled around the world, doing Aikatsu as I went.
It really brings out who you are.
It requires an incredibly strong, yet sometimes fragile, heart.
- I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views I just can't seem to get any more views...
I tried coming up with one myself, but the harder I thought, the more lost I felt.
I tried composing it with our memories together in mind, so I hope you like it.
I tried divining the outcome of today's competition.
I tried seeing how many bowls of rice I could eat with salt-grilled saury!
- I tried seeing how many bowls of rice I could eat with salt-grilled saury - Views I tried to imitate my brother's mysterious dance!
I tried thinking up an idea myself, but the more I rushed myself, the more pressure I felt.
- I tried to imitate my brother's mysterious dance - Views I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin!
I tried to stop them too.
I truly am astonished.
I trust that they'll be here.
I trust you understand.
I trust you understand that.
I try to understand you better than you understand yourself.
It's!
It's...
It's 7:30 now, so we have four and a half hours until the party.
- It's a battle!
- It's a battle! - It's a battle!
It's a bit... thick?
It's about to begin.
- It's a bridge of sound just like in a dream - oto no kakehashi yume no gotoshi - It's a bridge of sound just like in a dream - oto no kakehashi yume no gotoshi Crossing spacetime beyond the Milky Way jikuu koete ginga tobikoete Crossing spacetime beyond the Milky Way
It's a bright and beautiful day.
It's absolutely amazing!
It's absolutely scrumptious, and I'm sure you'll just love it.
It's a bunny!
It's a cat!
It's a common occurrence for blizzards to continue for several days here.
It's a competition to decide who's the number one idol unit, or Friends, of the entire year.
It's a competition we've got to win no matter what if we want to become Diamond Friends.
It's a competition where idol units, or Friends, vie for the title of Diamond Friends!
It's a competition where idol units, or Friends, vie for the title of Diamond Friends, the number one unit of the year!
It's a confession fest where girls can profess their love!
It's actually not going all that well.
It's a cunique dress!
It's admirable the extent to which Aikatsu can make the people smile.
It's adorable!
It's adorable in a kind of unique way, so unidorable?
It's a dress filled up with Sugar Melody's charm, the Sweet Phrase Coord!
It's a dress straight out of a girl's dreams.
It's a Favorite Idol Ranking from an online questionnaire.
It's a Favorite Idol Ranking they did online.
It's a fight over Mio-chan!
It's a fight to see who can heat up the fest more.
It's a fight with their reunion on the line.
It's a full house? I can't believe that many fans are here.
It's a giant squeaky hammer!
It's a good change of pace.
It's a goodforthroatshroom.
It's a good luck charm!
It's a highly rated variety show.
It's a host's job to serve up their guests on a silver platter.
It's a huge help.
It said it was the final chapter!
It said you recently began training in the way of Japanese sweets.
It's Aikatsu!
﻿It's Aine-chan!
It's Aine-chan!
It's a kitty bank for your worldwide fan meeting tour.
It's a lie that Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan came from the moon.
It's a little hard to explain.
It's a little scary.
It's all about the challenge!
It's all Aikatsu!
It's all because of your help. Thanks!
It's all because you told us the facts.
It's all being streamed on AiTube as well so their fans can watch along.
It's all come back to me...
It's all hit me with a sparkle!
It's all idol activities.
It's all over for me!
It's all over the news.
It's all so original!
- It's all streamed on AiTube as well so their fans can watch along.
It's all thanks this post a fan made about the event on social media yesterday.
It's all thanks to doing Aikatsu with the others.
It's all thanks to you, Karen!
It's all thanks to your skills, director.
It's all that dance training at work.
It's all up to you to find a partner.
It's all white!
It's almost surreal.
It's almost time.
It's almost time for dinner.
It's almost time for the Brilliant Friends Cup.
It's almost time to begin!
It's almost unbearably fun whenever she's around.
It's almost unbearably fun whenever we're together.
It's almost Valentine's Day.
It's a love romance audition!
- It's already got this many views? - Views - Like! - Please give us some of your frienergy!!
It's always blanketed in snow and will chill you to the core!
It's a maca-mystery, the temperature is cool.
It's a mesmerizing divination site that draws swarms of fortune telling fans!
It's a mesmerizing divination site that draws swarms of fortune-telling fans!
It's a misfortune!
It's a mystery tour, so that's a surprise for later!
It's a mystery tour, so that's a surprise until we get there!
It's an ability that only you have, your frienergy.
It's an adaptation of the world-famous SF novel.
It's an audition for a big title slated to be released simultaneously all around the world.
It's an audition for a big title slated to be release simultaneously all around the world.
It's an emergency!
It's an emergency, Sister!
It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari
It's a new kind of Aikatsu!
It's an extra load, but very fulfilling.
It's an honor to finally meet you!
It's an honor to have you peel one for me!
It's an honor to have you think so highly of us.
It's an honor to hear that.
It's an honor to meet you!
It's an I Believe festival!
It's an idol's job to give dreams to their fans.
It's an important competition on our way to becoming Diamond Friends!
It's another scorcher today.
It's Antique Sailor!
It's a pleasure to be here today.
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It's approaching and will soon reach us.
It's a pretty nice apartment.
It's a pretty open space.
It's a promise.
It's a purple and orange Halloween dress.
It's a race to the top!
It's a real-life castle!
It's a real princess...
It's a relief to have you here.
It's a rock.
It's a serious fight with their reestablishment on the line.
It's as if she's the Queen of Ice, her heart frozen over.
It's as if they're emitting light.
It's as if you've sprouted wings!
It's a smorgasbord of snacks!
It's a sport where you use a flat belt to train your concentration and sense of balance.
It's a story about how the metaphorical bluebird is always nearby.
It's a sweet coord dripping with ribbons, frills, and lace.
It's a term they use in sports as well.
It's a thief! A robber!
It's a tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich!
It's a tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich.
It's a unidorable dress!
It's a Wakaba float.
It's barely wide enough for a single machine at a time!
It's beautiful!
It's because of her divination.
It's because of your last performance.
It's because you're not an idol that I need you!
It's because you've caught the eye of fashionistas with your developed figure and mature aura.
It's because you've caught the eye of fashionistas with your sense of style and mature aura.
It's been about two years now.
It's been a long time since I've seen your super serious competitive mode.
It's been far too long since I've heard such bright voices.
It's been five years. Many of our fans may have given up hope by now.
It's been so long! Have you been well?
It's been such a long time since I last heard you sing.
It's been too long!
It's been years since the last time I've really let loose on a playground.
- It's been years since the last time I've run around a playground until I lost my breath.
- It's been years since the last time I've run loose on a playground.
It's beyond his current capacity to complete the work required to rule this country.
It's beyond his current capacity to perform the work required to rule this country.
Its bittersweet fragrance is intense, and the flavor is light yet complex.
Its bittersweet fragrance is pervading, and the flavor is light yet complex.
- It's boots!
It's boring in here.
It's bothering you.
It's bread!
It's called Moon Maiden!
It's Chihori-chan and Eru-chan!
It's chilly!
It's clear to see that being alone is better!
It's cold!
It's cold and delicious!
- It's come to me!
It's completely different! Not a trace of what I recognize!
It's confidence.
It's covered in flower embroidery and lace.
It's cute!
It's cute, and cool, and so like you!
It's cute, but it also really brings it on!
It's cute, but with a bring it on impact too!
It's cute in a kind of unique way, so cunique?
It's Dancing Mirage's headquarters.
It's dangerous to blindly jump ahead!
It's definitely over a full kilogram!
It's delicious!
It's delicious.
It's delicious enough to make your heart skip!
It's dessert time!
It's different than usual.
It's difficult to imagine what it could possibly entail from just the name.
It's difficult to map it out concretely.
It's difficult to picture concretely.
It's disappeared.
It's done.
- It's easy to envision an even brighter future coming along.
It seems as though we really will win.
It seems as though you're having fun being with Ema-san.
It seems as though you're having fun with Ema-san.
It seems I need to gather a few boys first.
It seems I need to get together a few boys first.
It seems like a children's weekly drama at first glance, but its deep themes make it popular with adults too.
It seems like Maika is trying to stop her.
It seems like she learned something important from Mirai-san too.
It seems like they were inspired by Love Me Tear's legendary hundred battles, so they intend to one-up them.
It seems my skills have dulled somewhat.
It seems that Aine-san and Mio-san had a fight.
It seems that Tamaki-san has been trying to scout him behind the scenes.
It seems we both lacked the resolve to become Diamond Friends.
It seems we were both lacking the resolve to truly aim to become Diamond Friends.
It's electrifying my fried neurons!
It's elegant and beautiful, and I can't look away...
It's entirely my fault that we ended up in this mess.
It seriously was.
It's even helped straighten out my aching back!
It's even helped to stretch out my arched back!
It's ever so pretty!
It's exactly what you'd expect from the Kamishiro family's personal pâtissier. I could eat this forever!
It's exciting, but it's also a big responsibility.
It's exuding Karen-san's personality...
Its faint light glistens in the fountain...
Its faint light glistens in the streams...
It's far from a simple matter.
It's filled to the brim with frienergy.
It's finally over.
It's finally time, Aine.
It's finally time. Are you ready?
It's finally time for the Best Friends Cup to begin!
It's finally time for the climax!
It's finally time for the Diamond Friends Cup!
It's finally time to give her a real debut.
It's fine!
It's fine.
It's fine. I'd feel bad inconveniencing the staff like that.
It's fine, I guess, but I'd take taiyaki any day.
It's fine, I guess, but taiyaki's at the top of my list.
It's fine! I'm glad you told me.
It's fine, I'm happy to see you.
It's fine, I'm just glad you finished your work and could come home early.
It's fine. I'm just glad you finished your work and could come home early.
It's fine. Just let me do it today.
It's fine now.
It's fine. The only reason we even made it into the tournament was because of you.
It's fine! This is well within the acceptable range.
It's fine! This much is totally acceptable.
It's fine time for the grand finale!
It's fine to be energetic, but don't run inside the school.
It's fine. We can rebuild it as many times as needed.
It's fine. We'll rebuild it as many times as we need.
It's Fly!
It's from after we went on hiatus and I was back in Solvette.
It's from Coco-chan.
It's from lacrosse.
It's from Love Me Tear!
It's from Love Me Tear.
It's from Mio.
It's from Onee-sama!
It's from Tamaki-san.
It's from the friend Maika felt something from.
It's frustrating.
It's fun!
Its future is looking brighter and brighter.
- Its future looks brighter and brighter.
It's going crazy!
It's going to be a hot festival!
It's gone! It's gone, gone, gone!
It's good.
It's good to see you again, Hibiki-chan.
It's gorgeous every time.
It's gotta be Honey Cat!
It's gotta be like this!
It's great!
It's great! I'd even call it the Exposition Universelle of hot pots.
It's great! I'd even call it the Paris World Fair of hot pot parties.
It's great to see you!
It's Habarazzi!
It's hard to apply with you talking.
It's hard to believe you switched to the idol track.
It's hard to believe you transferred into the idol track.
It's hard to bring up now.
It's hard to decide.
- It's hard to find a good stimulus to take that last step.
It's her!
It's her.
It's here, right?
It shone so brilliantly that even simply watching was a lot of fun.
It's Honey Cat!
It's hot...
It should be based on Maika!
It should be in chapter 3.
It should be us who is thanking you.
It's how I filled up the venue when I had just started on Star Harmony Academy's idol track.
- It's hugely significant, and carries just as much responsibility.
- It's hugely significant, so it's a weight responsibility.
It's hugely significant, so it's a weighty responsibility.
It's important enough to me that I'm taking it on the trip to Solvette.
It's impossible.
It's impossible to imagine what it could possibly entail from just the name.
It's impressive enough you made it to the dance portion.
It's impressive you can make friends with someone you just met so quickly.
It's incredible, really!
It's infamous for attracting them.
- It's intuition! I felt an intuition that it would be fun!
It's intuition! I knew that it would be fun!
It's June. The current seasonal flower is...
It's June. The seasonal flower is...
It's just...
It's just about dusk.
It's just a hypothetical.
It's just a lie that Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan came from the moon.
It's just an example.
It's just like a planetarium!
It's just past this forest!
It's Karen-san.
It's kind of foreboding.
It's kind of like us.
It's known in the world of athletes as well.
It's legendary, right?
It's like a blanket of white.
It's like a blanket of white, and I can't see a thing.
It's like a dream being able to stay in a castle.
It's like a dream to be able to speak to Penne!
It's like a dream to be standing with the people I've only ever seen on TV.
It's like a dream to be standing with the same people I watched on TV.
It's like a dream to fill up entirely on cream!
It's like a Friend Album!
It's like an application.
It's like a planetarium!
It's like having lots of pen pal friends.
It's like heaven here! Right, Ema?
- It's like I'm him with a ding and dong whenever I come.
It's like I'm hit with a ding and dong whenever I come.
It's like Karen says.
It's like our connection has improved, or like our bonds have deepened.
It's like she was a different person once the cameras started!
It's like, sucks to be any of the other Friends.
- It's like this place just gets me, you know?
It's like you're hunting down prey.
It's lonely by myself.
It's looking like we'll have to cancel Sugar's appearance.
It's looking pretty bleak.
It's looks delicious!
It's lovely!
It's lovely. Your taste is always on point.
It's made up of combinations, or in other words, a fusion.
It's Maika-chan!
It's Maika-chan and Ema-chan!
It's Material Color cosmetics!
It's Material Color's Multispectral Coord!
It's me. Get it ready.
It smells nice...
It's me. Prepare it.
It's me. What's the issue?
It's mine and Aine's precious Best Friends Rare Dress.
It's Mio-chan!
It's Mio's impressions from when she first had one.
It's more than just amazing!
It's more than just one or two levels above regular sweets.
- It's moving every time I read it!
It's my day off, after all.
It's my duty as manager to be by her side precisely at times like this.
It's my favorite!
It's my job to draw out the depths of their expertise and convey their excellence to the viewers by doing thorough research now.
It's my job to work hard!
It's my own fault.
It's my style dress.
It's my turn now!
It's my very first Premium Rare Dress.
It's new Aikatsu, Mio!
It's nice knowing you're such a cheerful girl.
It's nice to be young.
It's nice to meet you!
It's nice to meet you.
It's no fun if you just make up right away.
It's no fun just sitting and doing nothing.
It's no good!
It's no good after all.
It's no good, the engine is dead.
It's no matter, so long as they're energetic.
It's not a brand at all.
It's not Aikatsu, right?
It's not as if we understood everything about each other from the beginning.
It's not a situation where I can just say well, no matter.
It's not as though we understood everything about each other on day one.
It's not even funny getting lost all the way out here.
- It's not going quite as well for the choreography though.
It's not going to be that simple.
It's not good to pull all-nighters designing dresses and then fall asleep in class!
It's not her?
It's not just her fans.
It's not just me.
It's not just them—Honey Cat fans are rooting for Pure Palette too.
It's not like her at all!
It's not like I don't understand her point.
- It's not like just anybody can walk up to Mio and say "I wanna visit your house!" - Mio-chan's always been a bit unapproachable.
It's not like you to be so glum!
It's not like you to be so timid.
It's not like you two to fight.
It's not looking possible.
It's not looking possible for a while.
It's not my style to flatter.
It's not nothing!
It's Noto Kagami-kun, the boy you were guiding.
It's Noto Kagami-kun, the boy you were showing around.
It's not one or the other—I choose both to improve!
It's not one or the other—I'm going to improve at both!
It's not over yet!
It's not quite the same as standard acting.
It's no trouble at all. How could I ignore a friend in need?
- It's not strange for artists to hold a long run production at a single theater.
It's not that.
It's not that I can't, I'm just not used to it.
It's not that I want to be like Love Me Tear...
It's not that my sense of direction got any better—I've just been relying on Ema.
It's not uncommon for blizzards to continue for several days here.
It's not unusual for artists to have a long run production at a single theater.
- It's not unusual for artists to repeat a production at a single theater.
- It's no use, I don't see any natives either.
It's no wonder Mio-chan took notice of you.
It's okay now.
It's okay to feel scared sometimes!
It's once again time for the weekly viewer ranking.
It's one and done.
It's one of our matching Style Dresses.
It's on, Hibiki!
It's only natural.
It's only natural. I'm your producer.
It's only natural that Alicia would reject me.
It's only natural that I would.
It's only possible because the two of them are now Diamond Friends.
- It's only wide enough for a single machine at a time!
It's on now.
It's on the same day as the final selection.
It sounded like she was calling for help.
It sounds like a ton of fun!
It sounds like they're so amazing they live in a totally different world.
It's our best dress yet that we made from our big bang!
It's our first competition together as Friends, and things are really heating up!
It's our first gig with the Diamond Friends.
It's our Friends name!
It's our job to catch and devour all the Friends that've gotten ahead.
It's our job to run ahead and devour all the Friends in our way.
It's our turn now!
It's our turn to help you out!
It's our win!
It's overflowing with your love.
It's over, I'm out of time!
It's packed full of useful information on becoming an idol.
It's Penguin Café!
It's Penguin Café's specialty.
It's perfect!
It's perfect.
It's perfect for Sugar Melody's newest Premium Rare Dress.
It's plain as day!
It's pointless if you don't burn at full blast, right?
- It's pointless if you don't ignite all you've got, right?
- It's pointless if you don't ignite everything you've got, right?
It's possible that the Antivirus Cocos saw how you were all helping me and raised the protection level.
It's pretty wide-open.
It's pure art!
It's Pure Palette!
It's Pure Palette's Best Friends Rare Happy Revolution Coord!
It's Pure Palette's first overseas Aikatsu!
It's quickly approaching and will soon reach us.
It's quite a bit different from acting in a drama.
It's quite delicious.
It's raining...
It's rather different from a movie script.
It's rather refreshing and cool.
It's really delicious, Mio-chan!
It's really my brand!
It's recharging my fried neurons!
It's reckless to do Aikatsu in all this snow.
It's rejuvenating my parched body!
It's set my heart ablaze!
It's shining!
It's Shirayuri Sakuya.
It's showtime!
It's Silky Ocean!
It's snow!
It's so big!
It's so charming!
It's so chilly!
It's so clean now! Thank you so much!
It's so cute!
It's so cute. Come on out.
It's so cute! Thank you, Wakaba-chan!
It's so delicious!
It's so distinct and chic!
It's so exciting, but also a big responsibility.
It's so far.
It's so fizzy!
It's so gorgeous!
It's so heartwarming.
It's so lovely and atmospheric.
It's something only you'd do.
It's so much fun!
It's so pretty!
It's so strange! Just seeing them smile is enough to make me smile too.
It's so unique.
It's Spacekatsu!
- It's spinning! Spin it girl your feelings will begin to dance as well - mawaru mawaru yo girl kimochi mo odoru - It's spinning! Spin it girl your feelings will begin to dance as well - mawaru mawaru yo girl kimochi mo odoru - With a skip in your step walk through a changing everyday - ashidori karuku kawaru yo nichijou
It's still hard to believe...
It's still hard to believe though.
It's still not enough.
It's still... not enough?
- It's still only your first day, you did great!
It's strange... Being with Sakuya has some kind of calming effect.
It's such a beautiful color, don't you think?
It's such a colorful and playful dress.
It's Sugar-chan's favorite cat food.
It's summer break, so a hit's a hit, but a miss is okay too.
It's summer! It's the beach! It's vacation!
It's supposed to be great at healing sore throats.
It's supposed to heal sore throats. You'll definitely be able to speak after this.
It's Tamaki-san.
It's that important.
It's that I want to form a Friends unit and surpass them.
It's that time of year once again.
It's the ability that only you have, your frienergy.
It's the Aikatsu Navi Coco-chan with the Aikatsu cheer song...
It's the amazing product of the big bang we created!
It's the audition final selection!
It's the biggest fest of the year!
It's the biggest scoop of my career!
It's the biggest scoop of my entertainment writer life!
It's the Cure Power Girlies Show!
It's the final stage of the audition!
It's the Heavenly Ruby Coord.
It's the highest difficulty of appeal lessons.
It's the hottest summer fest at our school! No way we'd ignore it.
It's the Humming Topaz Coord.
It's the idol bubble!
It's the idol who represents Japan.
It's the key to opening a new door.
It's the Kyuwa Pawa Girlies Show!
It's the legendary axe that generations of idols have used to chop down fir trees!
It's the Little Charmant Coord.
It's the long tunnels.
It's them!
It's the method I used to fill up the venue despite only just having entered Star Harmony Academy's idol track.
It's the middle!
It's the most difficult appeal lesson.
It's the ocean!
It's the perfect chance to show off my frienergy!
It's the same as black pepper on a steak, or honey in curry.
It's the same as husband and wife.
It's the same for everyone. Right?
It's the same for me.
It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always It's the same reassuring morning as always
It's the Sapphire Jeweling Dress.
It's the scheduled time.
It's the sister brand to my own, Luna Witch.
It's the stage, Marin!
It's the Star Harmony Fashion Show.
It's the sun!
It's the synchro quiz!
It's the tournament for the master battle!
It's the ultimate Friends Dress!
It's thick.
It's this part.
- It's thrills every time I read it!
It still stings.
It still takes time after applying for it to arrive.
It's time at last for the green light to flash!
It's time for day two of the Star Harmony Cup!
It's time for our run!
It's Time for the Diamond Friends Cup!
It's Time for the Diamond Friends Cup.
It's time for the Diamond Friends Cup at long last.
It's time for the first ever "Show Karen-san that Pure Palette's got guts" contest!
It's time for the next group's interview.
It's time for the next interview group to go to the meeting room.
It's time for the "Show Karen-san that Pure Palette's got guts" contest!
It's time for the viewer ranking to determine who will claim the stage.
It's time for the viewer's choice stage performance.
It's time for this year's Bird Girl to make her appearance.
It's time for us to return the favor!
It's time for work, girls! Get to the van!
It's time for your debut live at last, Wakaba-chan.
It's time to announce the results.
It's time to announce who burned brightest during the Brilliant Friends Cup!
It's time to kick our Aikatsu up another gear!
It's time to pick!
It's time to start packing for Japan.
It stirs my artist blood!
- It's too bad about that final show, but I have to admit defeat.
It's too bad, but I have to say they're nothing compared to Love Me Tear.
It's too bad, I really would've loved to go to the Principality.
It's too bad. I really would've loved to go to the Principality.
It's too early to celebrate.
It's too early to give up!
It's too sad to just let Friends go their separate ways.
It's totally fine! Bring it on!
It's to test your mettle.
- It struck me!
It's true!
It's true.
It's true. Please feel free to use my land.
It's true that others would probably think us strange for joining forces with our opponents, but hey.
It's true that Penne can't actually talk, but I've spent so many years thinking about what he might be wanting to say.
It's truly an honor to hear that, but I'm fine with accompanying you to work and occasionally doing divinations in your stead.
It sucks to admit it, but as we are now, they're far beyond our reach.
itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara itsudemo heart ni shoujiki de itai kara
itsudemo rashiku aritai Down until the end, down until the end of the runway dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei Down until the end, down until the end of the runway dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh "ima" wo meippai kanjite uh Feel the moment with all your soul, ooh
itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei dokomademo dokomademo rarara... ranuei
itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai itsudemo rashiku aritai Down until the end, down
It suits you too, Aine.
itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa It's the same reassuring morning as always itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning"
itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa itsumodoori no yawaraka na asa
itsumo no fuukei Turns into a brand new town mita koto nai machi Turns into a brand new town mita koto nai machi In a prism of colors irotoridori ni In a prism of colors irotoridori ni Spreading before us hirogatteku Spreading before us hirogatteku That was amazing!
It's unbelievably cold over here.
It's up to us to do Aikatsu so hot and passionate that it blows the cold away.
It's up to us to do Aikatsu so hot and passionate we won't be frozen by the cold.
It sure is busy. Are you hanging in there all right, Mio-chan?
It sure would help to have a partner...
It's very nice.
It's way too delicious!
It's what Mio said when she first had one.
It's where we prepare for jobs.
It's winter most of the year.
It's you!
It's you...
It's your first finals, and you have to follow a performance like that. It's no wonder you're feeling the pressure.
It's your first time at the finals, and you have to follow a performance like that. It's no wonder you're feeling pressured.
It's your unrefined jewel!
It's yumnique!
It's Yuuki Aine-chan, right?
It takes my heart oh so far away haato wo tooku e tsureteku no It takes my heart oh so far away haato wo tooku e tsureteku no It takes my heart oh so far away haato wo tooku e tsureteku no I want to eat it up, keep on piling it up
It takes time after applying for it to arrive.
itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita Their "take care" brightens up my sky
itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita Whoever I meet Whoever I meet donna deai donna deai Wherever I venture Wherever I venture donna sekai donna sekai - We're connected - We're connected - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out
itterasshai to sora no shita Their "take care" brightens up my sky itterasshai to sora no shita Whoever I meet Whoever I meet donna deai donna deai Whoever I meet donna deai Wherever I venture Wherever I venture donna sekai donna sekai Wherever I venture donna sekai - We're connected - We're connected - Tsunagaru
itterasshai to sora no shita Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet
It thrills me every time I read it!
It turned out that the acting prodigy and divination expert Shirayuri Sakuya-chan had a younger twin sister.
It turned out that the talented actress and expert diviner Shirayuri Sakuya-chan had a younger twin sister.
It turned out to be quite the worthwhile job.
It turned out to be quite the worthwhile project.
I turned my emotions into those dresses.
I turned those ideas into dresses.
It warms your chilled body from the inside out.
It was a flawless work of art.
It was a huge success.
It was a huge surprise to learn that Mio's mom designed the dresses and her dad designed our private limo.
It was Aikatsu that brought smiles to their faces.
It was all a rush of activity.
It was all so fun!
It was all thanks to you!
It was a long journey.
It was a lot of fun being able to enjoy such a rare experience.
It was a meaningful place where she first found her wings.
It was a miracle of inspiration to think to use horns as an accessory!
It was a mysterious feeling.
It was an honor to participate in this incredible battle.
It was a piece of cake between us four.
It was a pleasure.
It was a pleasure to meet you. Goodbye.
It was a request from the lead, Mirai.
It was around here. Let's spread out.
It was a special place where she first found her wings.
It was a story about how the metaphorical bluebird is always nearby.
It was, at least.
It was a ton of fun getting everyone together and doing the Macaron Folk Dance down all the city streets.
It was Cinderella.
It was due to your efforts, Hariu-san.
It was easy after you passed us the baton with the crowd already fired up.
It was for a spring-summer special, so things like these.
It was in Pure Palette Legends, so I memorized it whole.
It was jam-packed with 120% Aine!
It was just a blackened stone.
It was love at first sight!
It was Love Me Tear who gave me a spark!
It was me who invited you into our world.
- It was my fault for looking only beyond Love Me Tear.
It was my suggestion.
It was never even going to be a contest...
It was never going to be a contest...
It was never my intention to do a reading in the first place.
It was no prob...
It was nothing.
It was nothing. This is about all I can do, so know I've got your back.
It wasn't a dream.
It wasn't easy to find, you know.
It wasn't me who brought you to this stage today—it's all your hard work.
It was only your first day. You did great!
It was on my last day of spacekatsu.
It was planned to be an exceptionally special talk show hosting these so-called super culturists.
It was quite the surprise.
It was so bright and brilliant that even simply watching was a lot of fun.
It was something you created with your own talents.
It was something you did with your own ability.
It was so shiny!
It was supposed to be a talk show extravaganza with all these so-called super culturists.
It was the Bright Moonlight Coord, created in the image of the shining light of the moon.
It was the first Christmas after Karen-san and Mirai-san formed their Friends.
It was then that I realized that I must bring love to people the world over.
It was the right choice to ask you.
It was the same for me.
It was the same when I believed I could surpass Love Me Tear.
It was the same when we first met.
It was time for the second semifinal of the Diamond Friends Cup.
It was to find the essential thing to being an idol.
- It was totally obvious how much she loved Aine-chan, and how hard she worked to be like her in a quest to feel closer.
- It was totally obvious how much she loved Aine-chan, and how hard she worked to be like her, to feel closer.
It was totally obvious how much she loved Aine-chan, and how hard she worked to be like her to try and feel closer.
It was worth all the effort of scheduling it.
It was worth all the trouble.
It was written in Pure Palette Legends, so I memorized it whole.
- It was your first day. You did great!
It was your first time together, but you pulled off a Friends Appeal!
It was your idea for us to close out the open campus with a performance!
It will be Pure Palette versus Love Me Tear!
It will certainly feel more lonely soon.
It won't be easy, what with setting up the practices and doing laundry and such...
It won't mean anything unless we've grown so much they won't recognize us!
It would be an honor to help.
It would be impossible to select just a single unit.
It would be in your best interest to confess quickly.
It would be pointless to have a breakdown and be forced out!
It would be simply splendid to share the stage with the two of them.
I understand!
I understand.
I understand, because I feel the same.
I understand. I'll get approval for you.
I understand. I'll put together a few different coordination ideas.
I understand. I'll put together a few different outfit ideas.
I understand. Reciting that phrase while performing Aikatsu may change how the children feel.
I understand. Still...
I understand that. Still...
I understand the difference in our abilities, but still!
I understand what she's going through.
I used one before entering Star Harmony Academy too.
I used to have no idea how I should make friends with someone.
I used to have no idea how to make friends with someone.
I used to have no problem doing it though...
I used to love watching her work at home when I was little.
I used to watch this every single week.
I used to watch this every week.
I use it to upload videos.
I've already adjusted your schedules to make time to prepare for the tour in two weeks.
I've already taught you everything you need to know about being an idol.
I've also heard of people interested in becoming support staff that come here to study.
I've also heard some people come here to train to become support staff.
I've also heard that an internationally famous creator will be involved as well.
I've also heard that an internationally famous creator will be producing it as well.
I've also really, really wanted to form Friends with you!
I've always been aware of your feelings, and I feel the same.
I've always been bothered by it.
I've always been chasing after her back.
I've always been chasing after her from behind.
I've always believed in my instinct, and it's always gone my way.
I've always chased her from behind.
I've always considered Alicia my irreplaceable Friend.
I've always dreamed of filling up on cream!
I've always gone with Ema since we formed Friends.
I've always held tight to her extended hand, relying on it.
I've always longed to have a dramatic Friends formation, just like them.
I've always relied on the helping hand she extended to me.
I've always wanted to come at least once.
I've always wanted to come try it out.
I've always wanted to do a report on them, and today we finally managed to book some time.
I've been acting harsh because I wanted you to realize that on your own.
I've been blessed as an Aikatsu artist to be granted so many opportunities to expand my range.
I've been blessed as an Aikatsu artist to be granted to many opportunities to try my hand at different projects.
I've been booked to shoot a commercial, and it's with a creator I really respect!
I've been feeling this strange uneasiness in my heart lately.
I've been following Karen-san and Mirai-san since before they became Friends.
I've been forcing the whole burden on you just because you're better at designing.
I've been looking for you.
I've been obsessed since then.
I've been racking my brains...
I've been so busy with my daily responsibilities that I haven't had any time to tidy up.
- I've been struck!
I've been studying as Ken-san's assistant since then.
I've been thinking about moving to be closer to you.
I've been thinking hard this entire time...
I've been thinking hard this whole time...
I've been thinking long and hard about what I could do to help you out.
I've been too scared to look at a scale in quite some time too.
I've been waiting for you, Aine.
I've been wanting to come visit!
I've been wanting to give it a try.
I've caught up to you?
I've caught you, Onee-sama!
I've come to love you even more from the connection I felt today.
I've come to see Princess Alicia Charlotte.
I've decided!
I've decided to take this as an opportunity to reevaluate Pure Palette.
I've done everything I could.
I've done everything I could've.
I've finally found you, Sakuya-oneesama and Kaguya-oneesama!
I've gone all the way to her country before!
I've got an even better present waiting for you at our next stop.
I've got an offer for you two to start in a commercial.
I've got another Miracle Dress for you today!
I've got a spark!
I've got a spark as to what she might be going through.
I've got a sparkle!
I've got a ton of things I need to accomplish before I can feel lonely.
I've got Chiharu-san, the designer of Sugar Melody on my side.
I've got even more good news for you.
I've got every volume of Detective Colan at home.
I've got great news! I scheduled the debut show for your Diamond Dresses.
I've got high hopes for you.
I've got it!
I've got it! Aine-chan, wanna help Coco-chan out with her job?
I've got it! Aine-chan, why not help Coco-chan out with her job?
I've got it! Making it look like cat ears would be even cuter!
I've got just the thing for you! It's a Friends personality test for those in need.
I've got my hands full studying makeup.
I've gotta dig in too!
I've gotta do my best too.
I've gotta train hard too!
I've gotta work harder!
I've gotta work hard to catch up to her!
I've got this!
I've got this for you too.
I've heard that thinking of something totally unrelated that makes you smile is a good way to relax.
I've informed the press that this is a limited time, experimental project.
I've informed the press that this is a limited-time experimental project.
I've invited another excellent guest here tonight.
I've longed for you all this time!
I've made enough for everyone, so please help yourselves.
I've made my decision.
I've made up my mind.
I've missed you all this time!
I've never been in a venue before a concert, and both my sisters are huge fans of Love Me Tear!
I've never been in a venue before it opened, and both my sisters are huge fans of Love Me Tear!
I've never been in such a high level competition before.
I've never been in such a high-level competition before.
I've never been overseas before.
I've never been so insulted.
I've never designed a dress before, but there's nothing to it but to do it!
I've never felt this calmed after listening to a song before.
I've never had so many firsts in such a short time.
I've never had to record a video on my own for work before.
I've never heard of an idol trying to stop a reporter from getting a scoop on them with their own hands before!
I've never heard of one disappearing before.
I've never heard that many cheers all at the same time before.
I've never met an idol who's been to space before.
I've never seen an aura like that!
I've never seen any other idol display radiance like theirs.
I've never seen anything like it before!
I've never seen anything like it before! I get the feeling a new door of Aikatsu has opened before us.
I've never seen anything that incredible before.
I've never seen Friends like them before.
I've never seen Mio-chan make this expression before.
I've never seen one before!
I've never seen such a forceful design from you.
I've never seen such an incredible performance, so my body doesn't know what to do.
I've noticed that you always seem to stick with local foods, Maika.
- I've only been here once as a child, so I don't really remember.
I've only just started, but one day I want to become an idol who can stand shoulder-to-shoulder with you all.
I've only made it this far thanks to all of their support.
I've only scratched the surface!
I've prepared the both of you style dresses just for today's show.
I've read about it before.
I've received a bizarre report.
I've received a list of all the super culturists invited on as guests in advance.
I very much appreciate your participation.
I've seen far too many Friends that had to dissolve when one of them fell too far behind the other.
I've seen her back countless times.
I've seen her like that too.
I've seen it in an encyclopedia before.
I've spoken with the organizers of your last handshake event.
I've surely gotten one step closer to becoming Diamond Friends.
I've sure to have gotten one step closer to becoming Diamond Friends.
I've thrust everything onto Ema, and all I can do is complain.
I've told you about her before.
I've wanted to try my hand at it for a while.
I've worked hard with Nico-chan to reach your level!
I walked all by myself!
I wanna Aikatsu too!
I wanna know too!
I wanna see!
I wanna stay longer!
I wanna try doing Aikatsu!
I wanna watch it again!
I want...
I want a handshake with Pen-sama too!
I want a Jeweling Dress of my own.
I want a picture! Mommy, picture!
I wanted aspects of a starry sky, so I used lamé in my newest creation.
I wanted to become as splendid as you all, so I recreated the school and town you always Aikatsu in over here.
I wanted to deliver love to everyone.
I wanted to do something myself to hype up the show.
I wanted to fill up on Aine-chan power before my game.
I wanted to have a real, good clash with you at least once.
I wanted to learn more.
I wanted to raise an idol who could think and act on her own without relying on a producer.
I wanted to see their show too!
I wanted to share this view with you.
- I wanted to show off as much as possible about Sugar Melody and myself.
- I wanted to show off myself and Sugar Melody all I could.
I wanted to show off myself and Sugar Melody as much as I could.
I wanted to start up my very own brand to Aikatsu with.
I wanted to talk about Ema-chan.
I wanted to talk to you in person rather than through texts or calls, Alicia.
- I wanted to win at least one round, but I have a hard time seeing it happen now.
I wanted to win at least one round, but I'm not confident I'll be able to surpass you even once.
- I wanted to win in at least one topic, but I'm not confident I'll be able to surpass you.
I wanted to win nationals with you.
I want her to see my real Aikatsu.
I want it in every way mainichi no kawaii! zenbu tsumekonde Cuteness is in every day!
I want it in every way mainichi no kawaii! zenbu tsumekonde Once my bag is fully stuffed I'll be truly happy kaban ippai ni nattara shiawase na no Once my bag is fully stuffed I'll be truly happy kaban ippai ni nattara shiawase na no Once my bag is fully
I want one too!
I want them to be moved.
I want them to see the good with all of the bad.
I want them to smile.
I want the situation to be just right too.
I... want to...
I want to Aikatsu so bad I'm almost squirming.
I want to Aikatsu together more and shine even brighter!
I want to always be the senpai you can look to for inspiration.
I want to apologize I feel pathetic "I want to apologize. I feel pathetic." "Tamaki-san said I'm a failure as an idol, and I agree with her." Either way, you seriously need to rest up.
I want to become an idol worthy of being Friends with Mio-chan!
I want to be confessed to like that.
I want to be everyone's warmth.
I want to be friends with you too!
I want to believe, but I'm finding it difficult!
- I want to believe, but it's impossible!
I want to believe in her too.
- I want to believe it, but it's hard to believe!
I want to be particular, you know?
I want to build a snow hut and drink sweet hot cocoa inside!
I want to burn brightly once more.
I want to burn it into my eyes once more.
I want to. But...
I want to contemplate it on my own.
I want to convey my gratitude to everyone.
I want to convey these bubbling emotions to everyone!
I want to create a big bang with you and win!
I want to dance too!
I... want to do Aikatsu.
I want to do Aikatsu as Friends.
I want to do everything I can.
I want to do more Aikatsu in Chiharu-san's dresses!
I want to do something for her too.
I want to enjoy it all ashita no daisuki! zenbu ajiwatte Once it all belongs to me I'll be truly happy hitorijime dekitara shiawase na no Once it all belongs to me I'll be truly happy hitorijime dekitara shiawase na no Once it all belongs to me I'll be truly happy
I want to enjoy it all ashita no daisuki! zenbu ajiwatte Tomorrow is full of love!
I want to express my gratitude with the very best performance I can.
I want to find Aikatsu only I can do and shine brighter than ever!
I want to find her!
I want to form a Friends unit and surpass them.
I want to get a handshake with Pen-sama too!
I want to get back to Aikatsu.
I want to give Alicia help, but I still can't figure out what I can do.
I want to give my own frienergy back to everyone who gave us courage and power.
I want to give warmth to the world.
I want to grow even more wearing my treasured Sugar Melody dresses!
I... want to have a serious battle with you.
I want to have my greatest performance with Mio too!
I want to hear you all shout loud and proud!
I want to hone my dancing to perfection, and throw an exciting fest with the entire world.
I want to infinitely expand new possibilities for dresses!
I want to keep on drawing more and more of Maika's charm out.
I want to know more about you.
I want to know more about you, but I hardly ever see you on TV.
I want to know what your ideal Friends would be.
I want to lend Alicia my aid, but I still can't figure out what I can do.
I want to live up to the expectations of our fans!
I want to make it shine more brilliantly!
I want to make it the best show ever.
I want to make Pure Palette shine!
I want to make this dress shine brighter than all the rest at the Star Harmony Cup.
I want to meet them all right now.
- I want to mull this over on my own.
I want to perform at all the wonders of the world!
I want to perform for the Brilliant Friends Cup.
I want to polish my dancing to perfection, and throw an exciting fest with the entire world.
I want to put all of my gratitude into giving you the greatest show of your lives.
- I want to really think this through on my own.
I want to reform I Believe right away, but not like this.
I want to reform our Friends, please!
- I want to reform our Friends, please! - Look at me now that I have become worthy of you through Spacekatsu!
I want to repay them and all our other fans for their support!
I want to respond to their support, and all our other fans too!
I want to return to my homeland and live among my brethren. I can't give that up.
I want to return to my homeland and live among my brethren. I must.
I want to revive I Believe as soon as possible, but not like this.
I want to see it with my own two eyes!
I want to see more of your performances and smile!
I want to see more performances and smiles from you!
I want to see too!
I want to see Wakaba-chan right now - She's so good at dancing!
I want to see whether my upcoming handshake event will go well.
I want to see you there.
I want to send my own frienergy to all the people who gave us courage and power.
I want to share these feelings with all of you.
I want to share these feelings with all of you too.
I want to share the stage with Kaguya-chan.
I want to shine.
I want to show my gratitude!!
I want to show my gratitude to everyone from on stage!
I want to show off all my good points so that it'll be a useful experience for her.
- I want to tell our fans about the raw emotions I'm feeling now.
I want to thank my fans for all their support in any way I can.
I want to train together even more...
I want to use my Aikatsu to see a new world nobody's ever seen before.
I want to use this opportunity to convey my personality to the people of Japan.
I want to use this opportunity to put myself on display for the people of Japan.
I want to visit the moon sometime!
I want to walk to school together every morning!
I want to wear my very own Diamond Dress one day!
I want to wear these Miracle Dresses with Aine!
I want to wear your dresses so much I can't help it!
I want to wear your dresses so much I can't resist!
I want you both to go all out for the performance.
I want your individuality to be on full display.
I want your opinion on what to do for the earrings.
I want your personality to be on full display.
I want you to come with me.
I want you to let me help make everyone smile.
I want you to stand on stage with me.
I was able to do it thanks to the clue you gave me. Thank you.
I was able to do my best today thanks to what you said back at the audition.
I was able to do my best today thanks to what you said back during the audition.
I was able to learn a lot too!
I was actually on that stage with Mio-chan.
I was also just thinking about how I could spend more time with Aine now that we're Friends.
I was anxious that I wouldn't know what to do, all alone and surrounded by so many strangers.
I was appointed as the head producer for the Star Harmony Academy-sponsored fashion show.
I was appointed head producer of Star Harmony Academy's fashion show.
I was being interviewed for a magazine article.
I was completely taken aback by the extent of their unison of breath and rhythm.
I was content with just chasing after Mio-chan.
I was convinced that this project had to be Mirai-san's doing.
I was convinced that you would continue to produce her even beyond her debut, but you're sending her out on her own.
I was curious what you were viewing so intensely.
I was dropped as one of Dancing Mirage's models.
I was happy to do it.
I was harsh because I wanted you to realize that on your own.
- I was hesitant to speak of it for fear of distracting you from your Aikatsu.
I was hesitant to speak of this for fear of distracting you from your Aikatsu.
- I was hesitating over whether I should say anything that would distract from your Aikatsu.
I was hoping to figure out what it was before today's performance.
I was hoping to figure out what was lacking before today's performance.
I was ignorant.
I was inspired by Karen and Mirai.
I was just kidding with you.
I was just messing with you.
I was just remembering something from the past.
I was just running in circles trying to show off for Wakaba-chan.
I was just thinking about getting all the paperwork done tomorrow.
I was just thinking of getting some training in myself.
I was listening to your radio show.
- I was looking for an old design, but it's lost among all this stuff.
I was looking for an old design idea, but it's lost among all this stuff.
- I was looking for an old reference, but it's lost among all this stuff.
I was never told that Wakaba-chan had a jewel in her possession!
I was never told that Wakaba-chan possessed a jewel!
I wasn't aware you were the head producer for this show.
I wasn't expecting this.
I was paying close attention, and I noticed that when the dress glowed, a rose pattern suddenly appeared!
I was planning to follow your example, but it seems there was no need.
I was really nervous my first time here, but I could do my best because I had a friend. I'm sure you'll all be just fine.
I was rejected because they were at full capacity.
I was running in circles trying to show off for Wakaba-chan.
I was scared.
I was serious when I asked you to join me.
I was so engrossed in talking I forgot to ask for it.
I was so entertained by Kaguya-chan's impression of an alien.
I was so happy to see my friend's dream come true!
I was so moved!
I was so obsessed I never realized!
I was still high on the feeling of forming Friends with you...
I was sure that my sparks of inspiration hadn't led me astray.
I was sure you'd be together today.
I was swept up in your acting, Onee-sama.
I was the same.
I was thinking of making my own to ask someone out.
I was thinking we could turn it into I Believe's new song.
I was too caught up in trying to win.
I was too concerned with just reaching our destination.
I was too concerned with reaching our destination.
I was too obsessed with winning.
I was very nervous at first.
I was wondering if it was the same for Friends...
I was wondering what kind of color could withstand being painted over.
I watch it every year on TV with my family too.
I welcome you to the Principality of Solvette.
I, well...
I went back to the shop afterward, but they weren't selling it anymore.
I went back to the shop afterwards, but they weren't selling it anymore.
I went overboard trying to make my event fun for everyone and got myself sick.
I will!
I will.
I will accept any condemnation I receive for being selfish.
I will accept the blame everyone puts on me by acting selfish.
I will accompany you to the ends of the universe, Princess!
I will aim to become the greatest Friends with my sister, Kaguya-chan.
I will always be watching over you.
I will, and thank you!
I will. As the daughter of the woman who loved this country more than anyone else, I promise to uphold your honor.
I will attend to it.
I will be counting on you.
I will be in your care.
I will be Love Me Tear's substitutes to the best of my ability!
I will be relying on you going forward.
I will be using this method to guide you through your Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island.
I will be your commentator, Coco.
I will! Bye-bye!
I will catch up to Onee-sama!
I will create schools around the world so that anyone may Aikatsu.
I will decide whether you're able to sing or not for the show.
I will deliver my own glimmer in this dress that encompasses the far reaches of the galaxy.
I will do my utmost.
I will eagerly await the results.
I will fight them until the very end!
I will fill you with happiness through the cooking of my song!
I will found academies around the world so that anyone may Aikatsu.
I will go presently.
I will go to space, someday.
I will. I'll see you later.
I will illuminate my Friends with Onee-sama brighter than ever before!
I will let bloom the flowers of smiles of everyone in this country.
I will make everyone smile.
I will never be able to keep up with you.
I will never be Friends with you again.
I will never give up.
I will never permit anything to sully their pristine reputation!
I will not!
I will not allow myself to disappear!
I will now present the results.
I will open the door to my heart and let you take a peek inside kokoro no tobira no oku goran ni iremashou On a night like this with a rain of shooting stars ame no you na ryuusei no yoru On a night like this with a rain of shooting stars
I will protect you until the very end, Princess.
I will provide whatever support I can.
I will put my brilliance on display in this dress that spans the far reaches of the galaxy.
I will put on the greatest performance I can for Alicia and the people of Solvette.
I will return to the Principality of Solvette, and this time, no matter what, I'll meet Alicia to remake our Friends.
I will return to the Principality of Solvette to revive our Friends, and this time, no matter what, I'll meet Alicia face-to-face.
I will run past the ends of the earth.
I will see it for myself.
I will shine!
I will speak to Sister myself.
I will, thanks!
I will. Thank you!
I will too.
I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana
I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana - So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu
I will travel to different countries, performing cultural exchanges and expanding Aikatsu.
I will travel to many different countries, sharing our cultures and expanding Aikatsu.
I will try believing in myself to allow you to cast an even greater brilliance.
I will use the full extent of my power to reverse fortune!
I will use the full extent of my power to reverse the fortune!
I will work hard at Aikatsu to convey the wonders of the moon!
I win!
I win this one!
I wish I could climb up and reach its heights.
I wish I could have a fireworks show for my birthday too!
I wish I could see them again.
I wish I could shoot skyrockets on my birthday too!
I wish I had a dolphin to ride too...
I wish to master my own way even further.
I wish to master my own way of Aikatsu even further.
I wondered if Ema could've been the one...
I wonder how I can spread the word about how amazing this brand is.
I wonder how long you'll continue to feel that way, Mademoiselle.
I wonder how many years it's been going.
I wonder how many years it's run for.
I wonder if Aine will be surprised.
I wonder if having a passport is enough to go to the moon.
I wonder if I can.
I wonder if I made my jewel mad.
I wonder if I should!
I wonder if it's because of Aine-chan's frienergy.
I wonder if it's still scared.
I wonder if she's busy.
I wonder if that's why Mirai-san was sneaking around campus the other day!
I wonder if there are any good restaurants around here.
I wonder if there are lots of penguins too.
I wonder if there's anything else we're forgetting.
I wonder if there's anything we can do now to prepare for our tour.
I wonder if there's anything we can do to give her a push.
I wonder if they're not ripe yet.
I wonder if this is what it means to be Diamond Friends.
I wonder if we can create a big bang as Pure Palette.
I wonder if we'll be able to use them all.
I wonder what everyone over in Solvette are doing now.
I wonder what happened.
I wonder what happens next.
I wonder what her new song will be like.
I wonder what kind of encounters await me.
I wonder what kind of encounters await us.
I wonder what kind of idol will wear it.
I wonder what kind of present Aine has prepared for me.
I wonder what miracles she'll create in the idol world.
I wonder what miracles she'll make for the idol world.
I wonder what new horizons they will open before our very eyes.
I wonder what they've been up to.
I wonder who'll let me be Friends with them.
I won't!
I won't.
I won't allow it!
I won't allow myself to cloud your radiance.
I won't allow the Schwarz Empire to lay one finger on us!
I won't be able to move on unless I can find something!
I won't forget.
I won't forget... I won't regret!
I won't forgive you otherwise!
I won't hold back either then.
I won't know unless you tell me, Alicia.
I won't let you!
I won't let you down!
I won't let you go to America.
I won't let you take my memories.
I won't lose!
I won't lose.
I won't lose again!
I won't lose a staring contest!
I won't lose this one!
I won't lose to either Mio-chan or you.
I won't lose to Mio-chan or to you.
I won't miss it!
I won't! Please hear me out!
I won't reject a compliment.
I won't stop at just six centimeters, but aim way higher!
I worked hard to set all this up.
I worshiped them so much it became my goal to be Diamond Friends myself.
I would accompany Father during his falconry and ride down to the lake.
I would accompany Father during his falconry and ride down to the sea.
I would always look forward to seeing the fireworks that went up at night.
I would be happy to listen if you are willing to talk.
I would be thrilled to have the honor of being your host, Alicia-chan.
I would, but I'm sending them all out as presents to people participating in the campaign.
I would, but I'm sending them all out as presents to people who participated in the campaign.
I would change even the world for you.
I would gladly raise her if she decides to apply for our school.
I would like each of you to act out the same scenes in the way that you feel is most fitting.
I would like nothing more.
I would like to cordially thank everyone for coming to this special event for the animated feature film Doggone Fly and the Grimpossible Wall.
I would like to cordially thank everyone who has come to this special event Here with us are Fly's voice, Minato Mio-san, and the legendary fairy's voice, Shirayuri Kaguya-san.
I would like to cordially thank you all for coming here today.
I would like to cordially welcome you to today's event for Macaron de ChocoMint.
I would like to hear your opinions.
I would like to introduce you all to the most important person in my life.
I would like to keep answering in response to all of your cheers and encouragement.
I would like to start off with an apology.
I would like to thank you all for coming here today.
I would like to use prominent, fresh idols in my newest commercial.
I would like your thoughts.
I would love the chance to record your thoughts on the matter.
I would love to hear more about Jeweling Dresses.
I would love to hear more details about Jeweling Dresses.
I would never!
I would never feel that way!
I would never mistake this flavor.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I wouldn't expect any less from the Kamishiro family's personal pâtissier. I could eat this forever!
I wouldn't mind refusing for you...
I would rather have buried that dark period forever.
I would soon come to regret not being able to stop Kaguya-chan that day.
I would surely be crushed by utter despair.
I would, uh...
I wrote the lyrics with the hope that we'll be able to draw our fans into a dream of the moon.
Jeweling Dress?
Jeweling Festival, bring it on!
- Jeweling Festival - Jeweling Festival - Jeweling Festival - Jeweling Festival The art director will be Tenshou Hibiki.
jikuu koete ginga tobikoete Crossing spacetime beyond the Milky Way jikuu koete ginga tobikoete Crossing spacetime beyond the Milky Way jikuu koete ginga tobikoete - This is where we can find the brightest glimmering dream - ichiban suteki na yume koko ni aru - This is where we can find the brightest glimmering dream - ichiban suteki na yume koko ni aru
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Aikatsu Ban?!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo All Roads Lead To Aikatsu!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo An Unpolished Brilliance An Unpolished Brilliance An Unpolished Brilliance Penguin Cafe All everyone's talking about today is Tenshou Hibiki-san and her Jeweling Dress.
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Be Brilliant! My Color!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Everybody Beachkatsu!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Friendcoming♪Party Friendcoming♪Party Friendcoming♪Party First, a lineup of sweet desserts.
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo From Mirai to the Future!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Go Go☆Principality of Solvette Go Go☆Principality of Solvette Go Go☆Principality of Solvette Aine-chan, I can't believe you haven't done a single thing to prepare yet.
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Heart♥Throbbing Friends Date Heart♥Throbbing Friends Date Heart♥Throbbing Friends Date What?!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Hibiki's Showtime!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Honey Cat is Galaxy☆ Honey Cat is Galaxy☆ Honey Cat is Galaxy☆ I've got an offer for you two to star in a commercial.
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Open the Door of Your Heart Open the Door of Your Heart Open the Door of Your Heart In large part due to your Aikatsu, smiles have slowly begun to return to the Principality of Solvette.
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Princess Alicia Princess Alicia Princess Alicia My face hurts!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Shuffle Friends?!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo The Idol From Space The Idol From Space The Idol From Space Amazing! The school's even classy on the inside!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo The Password is Evol Ustakia!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo To a New Stage To a New Stage To a New Stage Penguin Cafe Fantastic!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Vroom Vroom! Race on Karen Island!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo Wakaba'll Do It Whole!
jinsei mo kaechau yo Can change even our lives jinsei mo kaechau yo You Are My Star You Are My Star You Are My Star After that day, when she broke up our friends on the verge of the Diamond Friends Cup, I didn't receive word from Alicia for a long time.
J-Just a moment!
J-Just be patient and wait.
Judo, kendo, aikido, calligraphy, tea ceremony, flower arrangement.
Judo, kendo, aikido, calligraphy, tea ceremony, flower arranging.
Jumping Dive!
Just a bit more...
Just a bit more until our tour's finished.
Just a bit thick.
Just a little.
Just a little more until it's within reach!
Just a little more until we're there!
Just a little! Only 0.5 kilos!
Just a moment. You needn't exert yourself over this, Onee-sama.
Just a second!
Just as my mother's homemade food filled me with happiness whenever I was saddened.
Just because I'm angry doesn't mean I don't sincerely care about her!
Just because we're Diamond Friends doesn't mean I've changed any.
Just being able to share that stage with you was my happiness.
Just being together raises you up.
Just between you and me, a pretty amazing dream of mine's come true too.
Just bring it on!
Just by coming together, endless possibilities are formed. That's one of the best things about Friends.
Just changing the chant makes it feel different.
Just circling all the countries we want to visit on our Honey Cat worldwide fan meeting tour.
Just come with me and watch, okay?
Just do it like we rehearsed.
Just do it like we trained. You'll be fine.
Just for a bit, I'll pretend to be Senpai...
Just for tomorrow! We don't ask for much!
Just give it your all!
Just go all out and binge on what you want during times like this.
Just go all out and binge on what you want on days like this.
Just goes to show how good Reflect Moon was.
Just help them?
Just how am I supposed to make a new kind of show that only Diamond Friends can pull off?
Just how and what am I supposed to do to make a new kind of show that only Diamond Friends can do?
Just how incredible the Diamond Friends Cup was.
Just how is that going to turn out?
Just how is this going to go?
Just how Karen may have been right.
Just hypothetically, okay?
Just in case, should we post a pic of her on Friendsta?
Just in case, want to upload a pic of her to Friendsta?
Just kidding!
Just kidding, I know I'm no match for you right now.
Just know you won't last long in the world of top idols if you don't toughen up a little.
Just leave it to Onee-san!
Just leave this to me.
Just let me know when you've decided on your order.
Just let me up on that stage!
Just let them sleep in.
Just like a brilliant smile!
Just like in Cinderella.
Just like Love Me Tear was able to create infinite possibilities, the more I shine, the brighter Pure Palette will be!
Just like Love Me Tear was able to create infinite possibility, So strong that it won't pale in comparison to any other color or light!
Just like that?!
just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai
just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai
just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity
Just listen to their intensity.
Just look!
Just look at all this!
Just look at how charming these flowers are! It's like they're wearing dresses.
Just look at how our once-blank palette is painted vividly massara datta paretto ga hora ne irodzuiteyuku Just look at how our once-blank palette is painted vividly massara datta paretto ga hora ne irodzuiteyuku Just look at how our once-blank palette is painted vividly massara datta paretto ga hora ne irodzuiteyuku
Just look at them!
Just me on my own.
Just one?!
Just one last battle!
Just one more push and you're through.
Just open your ears, and they'll push you to the top!
Just play along!
Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away
Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara
Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara That was so much fun!
Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara You should be able to find her in the
Just recently, I became friends with the top idol Minato Mio-chan.
Just seeing them makes me happy too!
Just some urgent business to attend to.
Just spend more time together and you should naturally grow close again.
Just stop!
Just stop already! I don't want to hear any more!
Just that is enough to satisfy me as if it were myself.
Just that is not enough.
Just the explanation we've come to expect from our friendly Aine-chan.
Just the other day, we held an event for Pure Palette at Penguin Café.
Just think back on Pure Palette and Love Me Tear's performances at the Diamond Friends Cup finals.
Just think back on Pure Palette and Love Me Tear's performances during the Diamond Friends Cup finals.
Just thinking about how much you're doing for her made me want to express my gratitude.
Just thinking about that day reinvigorates me.
Just thinking about that time reinvigorates me.
Just thinking about them makes my heart start to pound— I lose sight of what's around me, and my chest tightens up.
Just this once! Let me up on that stage!
Just try and contain yourself after hearing this good news then.
Just try and overcome the trials we've prepared to reach Karen Island's special stage!
Just try and overcome the trials we've prepared to reach the special stage on Karen Island!
Just wait.
Just wait for us, everyone!
Just watch.
Just what is this Aikatsu that could possibly bring such anguish to Alicia-sama?
Just when I was thinking of contacting her myself, I finally received a single letter from Alicia.
Just when we were on the verge of losing hope, our promise never to be fulfilled...
Just who in the world is Alicia-chan really??
juugoya mangetsu tsukimi no utage The full moon shining bright invites us to a feast juugoya mangetsu tsukimi no utage The full moon shining bright invites us to a feast juugoya mangetsu tsukimi no utage The full moon shining bright invites us to a feast juugoya mangetsu tsukimi no utage
juunin toiro yori mo We've got more than a dozen paints juunin toiro yori mo We've got more than a dozen paints juunin toiro yori mo A million people! A million colors!
kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo
Kaga dyed cookies and Wajima lacquer candies.
Kagami-kun?
Kagami, that's too dark a look.
Kaguya-chan!
Kaguya-chan?
Kaguya-chan?!
Kaguya-chan.
Kaguya-chan...
Kaguya-chan and I are Reflect Moon.
Kaguya-chan and I came here to teach you Earthlings more about the moon.
Kaguya-chan, are you okay?
Kaguya-chan, behind you...
Kaguya-chan can read divinations too.
Kaguya-chan, didn't you come first in a ballet competition before? I remember it clearly.
Kaguya-chan, didn't you win that ballet competition once? I remember it clearly.
Kaguya-chan got lost on that field trip.
Kaguya-chan, I'm disappointed in myself.
Kaguya-chan, I'm sorry for putting such a large burden on you during that event.
Kaguya-chan, I've decided.
Kaguya-chan, picking on others is bad.
Kaguya-chan said we should all get you a present. Didn't you?
Kaguya-chan's feelings...
Kaguya-chan's song will be heard around the world.
Kaguya-chan, start by proceeding straight forward.
Kaguya-chan! Thank goodness!
Kaguya-chan, this one's for you.
Kaguya-chan was the one who said we should get you a present, right?
Kaguya-chan, why endanger yourself?
Kaguya-chan, will you really?
Kaguya-chan, you forgot this!
Kaguya-chan, you're still here, right?
Kaguya-chan, you've always had this habit of overthinking things.
Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note Kaguya Note
Kaguya Note Okay!
Kaguya Note Title "Moon, moon, moo-moo-moo-moon.
Kaguya Note What else?
Kaguya-san.
Kaguya-san...
Kaguya-san is exactly right.
Kaguya-san, it is time.
Kaguya-san, you have taken care of Sakuya-san since you both were babes.
Kajuaru moodo Casual mode!
Kajuaru moodo Fan Meeting Concert I made this for you.
Kajuaru moodo I've never witnessed such an amazing appeal before!
Kajuaru moodo Shuffle Friends was fun, but these two are just the best!
Kajuaru moodo We have an important announcement to make today.
Kajuaru moodo Yes! They performed a Miracle Appeal!
Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Kamishiro Launched from the cannons are three sets of pastries from the Kamishiro family's private baker...
Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai will follow their own paths for now And thus, they became legends.
Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai will follow their own paths for now Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai will follow their own paths for now - Falling incessantly from the night sky, shining shooting stars. - The love meteor shower from Love Me Tear - Captured the hearts of their large audience. - Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai will follow their own paths for now
Kamishiro Karen is known for her brand, Classical Ange.
- Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen Hibiki.
- Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen
Kamishiro Karen Kamishiro Karen Kamishiro Karen Kamishiro Karen Tune in next week!
kanousei wa mugendai da - But all the signs point forward! - But all the signs point forward!
kanousei wa mugendai da - But all the signs point forward! - Mayowazu susume!
Karaoke Contest Karaoke Contest Thanks so much, Chihori-chan, Eru-chan!
Karen!
Karen?
Karen and I are totally fine, so don't worry about us.
Karen and Wakaba-san assisted me with the toppings.
Karen, aren't you scared?
- Karen-chan - I love you - Karen - Mirai - Love - I love - Karen-chan - Karen-chan - good luck!
- Karen-chan - Mirai-chan These are all the fan letters that were addressed to me.
Karen, did I hear right that you're going to be the Aikatsu goodwill ambassador?
Karen, don't you think it'll turn out okay?
Karen had absolutely no intention of hurting our opponents.
Karen had no intention of hurting our opponents.
KAREN I'm sorry, but she's currently in a meeting right now.
Karen, is it true you're going to be the Aikatsu goodwill ambassador?
Karen, Kindergarten Graduation She's adorable!
Karen may have felt that way, but what about the others who listened to today's show?
Karen-san!
Karen-san?
Karen-san.
Karen-san and Mirai-san are Best Friends, and also the diamond of the Friends sphere!
Karen-san and Mirai-san both had awesome performances!
Karen-san and Mirai-san of Love Me Tear are an incredible duo.
Karen-san and Mirai-san of Love Me Tear are just an incredible duo.
Karen-san and Mirai-san promised us that they'd release the Love Me Zone they'd sealed and go at full power.
Karen-san and Mirai-san promised us that they'd unseal the Love Me Zone and go at full power.
Karen-san and Mirai-san quickly rose to top idol status shortly after entering Star Harmony Academy.
Karen-san and Mirai-san taught us so much about how to be Friends.
Karen-san, congratulations on becoming Aikatsu goodwill ambassador!
Karen-san, congratulations on your appointment as Aikatsu goodwill ambassador!
Karen-san doesn't hold back!
Karen-san doesn't only include herself when she does her Aikatsu.
Karen-san gave a speech at the UN in her capacity as Aikatsu goodwill ambassador.
Karen-san is giving off a completely different aura than usual.
Karen-san is just oozing with thoughtfulness for her fans!
Karen-san is way too unforgiving.
Karen-san Lead in Reflect Moon - Cue cards are called "cheating paper" in Japanese - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I would like to start our conversation with Reflect Moon.
Karen-san, Mirai-san!
Karen-san, Mirai-san?
Karen-san, Mirai-san.
Karen-san, Mirai-san...
Karen-san, Mirai-san, please watch us.
Karen-san, Mirai-san, thank you for coming.
Karen-san, please prepare for your song!
Karen-san received an offer from a world-renowned producer, and was soon to depart for America.
Karen-san received an offer to come under the wing of a globally known producer, and was soon to depart for America.
Karen-san's Aikatsu extends far beyond herself.
Karen-san's Ange Aquamarine Coord.
Karen-san says it's a present for us!
Karen-san's concert!
Karen-san's... island?
Karen-san's Jeweling Dress performance simply overflowed with love.
Karen-san's Jeweling Dress performance was simply overflowing with love.
Karen-san's movements are so smooth!
Karen-san's pets?
Karen-san's rice crackers.
Karen-san's trials were totally unpredictable!
Karen-san taught me that Aikatsu isn't done to defeat others, but today was a special case.
Karen-san, thank you for the refreshments.
Karen-san was spending the holiday abroad in her family's vacation home.
Karen-san, what's this?
Karen-san won't release the Love Me Zone!
Karen-san won't unleash the Love Me Zone!
Karen-san wore the Hearty Lumière Coord and Mirai-san wore the Hearty Flamme Coord and won in a now-legendary landslide victory.
Karen-san, your pajamas are fantastic!
Karen's been prepping for her next show super intensely.
Karen's being really intense about her upcoming show.
Karen's rice cracker toppings accent it perfectly.
Karen's rice cracker toppings accent it with a nice contrasting texture.
Karen? Where could she be going this late at night?
Karen, you didn't notice?
Karen, you were as kil-lit as ever.
Karen, you were as lit-bright as ever.
kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it
kasanatta koe wa hibiita mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara And even if you feel like you're all alone
kasanatta koe wa hibiita Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte And even if you feel like you're all alone
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan Aikatsu!
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan Natsuko-chan How did that happen?
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Nako-chan - Nako-chan Aikatsu!
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu!
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu!
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan So instead, we became friends!
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Aikatsu!
- Kasumi-chan Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan Aikatsu!
Kasumi-chan Aine Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk I see. I guess you can't do anything without the designer here.
- Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk But I made another friend!
- Kasumi-chan - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan
Katsu!
kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light
kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity
Kazune, Aine also said she wanted to marry her Dad.
Kazune, don't you have a girlfriend to go on a Christmas date with?
Kazune-kun, why don't come for some idol activities sometimes too?
Kazune-san, would you be one of them?
Keep at it, Aine.
Keep going! Try and pass me!
Keep it up!
Keep it up, Mio!
Keep it up next time then.
Keep it up so that I can expect a good performance from you on stage.
Keep moving, legs!
Keep on helping us out, Coco-chan!
Keep rolling!
Keep the magic talk as a secret between friends.
Keep your Aikatsu cards inside.
Keep your spirits up!
Ken-san!
Ken-san.
Ken-san and Ken-san, and you're you.
Ken-san can keep a lively conversation going while working.
Ken-san, Chiharu-san...
Ken-san is able to keep an enjoyable conversation going while working.
Ken-san is Ken-san, and you're you.
Ken-san's quite the famed makeup artist, after all.
Ken-san, what are you doing here?
Ken-san, you have your makeup seminars to give.
- Keywords - Together - Fan event!
Kia!
Kibatsu! dokutoku! yuiitsu! tokubetsu!
ki ga tsukeba zutto issho ni itai We grow stronger the more we diverge chiguhagu na hodo tsuyoku We grow stronger the more we diverge chiguhagu na hodo tsuyoku And it seems like we shine even brighter when we polish each other hitori yori haeru no wa otagaisama ne And it seems like we shine even
Kimechaou yo agetekanai to ne!
kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau
kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau When you smile at me, I smile back at you kimi ga waratte watashi mo warau And everyone is connected And everyone is connected And everyone is connected And everyone is connected And everyone is connected And everyone is connected
kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together I'm sure the cards we collected together
kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare You can sparkle just like a jewel
"kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" "I'm truly, honestly glad
kimi no atama no naka wa kitto The inside of your head is probably filled kimi no atama no naka wa kitto with totally different things than mine watashi to wa chigau kara with totally different things than mine watashi to wa chigau kara The usual scenery itsumo no fuukei
kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru
kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru That's why more is Aikatsu!
kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii
kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning It's a new beginning
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord Bouquet de Fleurs Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord Bunny Parade Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord Diamond Future Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord
kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru
kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen I once felt they were within my grasp, but now they look like
kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen Love Me Tear was so brilliant I forgot to blink!
kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen Talk about going above and beyond.
kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen Wow!
Kind of a lot of reasons.
King!
kinsen ni fureru shinkuro haamonii Resonating within all life, a synchro harmony kinsen ni fureru shinkuro haamonii Striking a chord around the galaxy ginga ni hibikiwatari Striking a chord around the galaxy ginga ni hibikiwatari Striking a chord around the galaxy ginga ni hibikiwatari Striking a chord around the galaxy
Kisuidatsukaia!
Kisuidatsukaia... What is that?
kitto ai ni kite ne itsu no hi ka Reflect Moon used a Miracle Appeal!
kitto ai ni kite ne itsu no hi ka We'll be waiting for you to come visit us kitto ai ni kite ne itsu no hi ka We'll be waiting for you to come visit us kitto ai ni kite ne itsu no hi ka We'll be waiting for you to come visit us
kitto ai ni kite ne itsu no hi ka What's wrong?
kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado jinsei mo kaechau yo I'm sure the cards we collected together can change even our lives kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado jinsei mo kaechau yo I'm sure the cards we collected together can change even our lives kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado jinsei mo kaechau yo
kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado I'm sure the cards we collected together kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado
kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai Go step by step ever onward ippo ippo chanto mae e Go step by step ever onward ippo ippo chanto mae e And one day we'll surely reach our goal gooru wa kitto soko ni aru And one day we'll surely reach our goal
kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai
kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai Go step by step ever onward Go step by step ever onward
Kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no I know that you are right by my side I know that you are right by my side I know that you are right by my side kitto sugu soba ni iru no watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara
kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no - I know that you are right by my side - kitto sugu soba ni iru no And that we will never be alone
Kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no kitto sugu soba ni iru no
K-Kidnapping?!
Knights of the Principality of Solvette, I order you to stand down!
Knock that off!
Knowing that even Aine-chan and Mio-chan get depressed sometimes too makes you feel closer to us than ever.
Knowing your lines is the most basic of basics.
Known for its powerful style of overwhelming opponents with unending drive, both it and the Shinsengumi...
Know the time difference!
- Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS Look! I made it to the final round of the idol audition!
- Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS
- Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS Next Idol Audition Round 2 Results Kobayakawa Kozue Results PASS You're amazing, Onee-chan!
koe wa itsumo todoku kara Her dress was super cute!
koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara
koe wa itsumo todoku kara Thanks so much!
koe wa itsumo todoku kara Thank you, everyone!
koe wa itsumo todoku kara Yay! I'm in top form thanks to my Aine-chan power!
koe wa itsumo todoku kara Yuuki Aine-chan was great!
koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni On the canvas that continues even now koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni And another smile appears And another smile appears And another smile appears And another smile appears And another smile appears
koko ni iru yo I'll be your star I'm here for you, I'll be your star koko ni iru yo I'll be your star Every day, anywhere, you will be my star itsumo itsudemo kimi datte my star Every day, anywhere, you will be my star itsumo itsudemo kimi datte my star
koko ni iru yo I'll be your star I want to protect you, I can be as strong as you need mamoritai kara kitto tsuyoku nareru A world we've never seen before is still, still, still waiting there mita koto mo nai sekai ga still still still matteru Don't be afraid of anything,
kokoro boryuumu Beat beat beat keeps getting bigger tatatan tan ookiku natte Beat beat beat keeps getting bigger tatatan tan ookiku natte One two three, high five!
- Kokorobososa wo kijou ni kakushiteta?
kokoro hirakou kimochi wa kikoetekuru This happiness wouldn't exist if I had just been alone kono "ureshii" wa hitori ja umarenakatta yo This happiness wouldn't exist if I had just been alone kono "ureshii" wa hitori ja umarenakatta yo And when I finally learn more about you kimi no koto wo motto shireta toki
kokyou no hanashi yoru wo akashi Tales of our home help to pass the night kokyou no hanashi yoru wo akashi Tales of our home help to pass the night kokyou no hanashi yoru wo akashi The rabbit up there continues pounding his mochi ano usagi wa kyou mo omochi tsuki
kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni
kono yume no namae wa mada wakaranakute ii It doesn't matter if we don't have a name for our dream yet kono yume no namae wa mada wakaranakute ii All we need now are pure and honest feelings ima wa pyua de massugu na kimochi All we need now are
koukishin ni somatteku desho?
Kowai kana? demo nozoitemitai na kowai kana? demo nozoitemitai na Uncontrollably fidget fidget fidgets and a rising nervousness Uncontrollably fidget fidget fidgets and a rising nervousness tomaranai sowa sowa sowa takamaru kinchoukan tomaranai sowa sowa sowa takamaru kinchoukan - Uncertain trembling turns into excitement - Uncertain trembling turns into excitement
Kozue-oneechan.
Kozue-san, what's that camera?
Kyaa, it's adorable!
Kyan! Chyan! Can!
Kyan! Kyan! Can!
kyarameru makiaato melt melt I'm weak to petit, I can't ignore what's mini petit ni yowai mini ni me ga nai I'm weak to petit, I can't ignore what's mini petit ni yowai mini ni me ga nai And just one is nowhere near enough hitotsu dake ja tarinai no
Kyudo.
Kyuwa Pawa Girlies?
Labels like mature or childish are nonsense.
lace around - furoa narashite reesu yurashite - With each step make a sound, as you wave that lace around - furoa narashite reesu yurashite - Every day's a brand new world! Yeah it's a showtime! - Mainichi ga Brand-New-World sou It's a showtime! - Every day's a brand new world! Yeah it's a showtime! - Mainichi ga Brand-New-World sou It's a showtime!
Lacrosse for me!
Lacrosse or Friends!
Ladies and gentlemen, I would like to thank you for your attendance today.
Ladies, I look forward to working with you henceforth.
Ladies, it's time to go.
Ladies, I welcome you to Karen Island.
Ladies, we are glad you could join us.
La-la-la in spring...
La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love - A song of love - ai no uta - A song of love - ai no uta La la la la love ra ra ra ra love La la la la love
Lame! Lukewarm!
Last one!
Last time, I was pretending to be more of an adult and ended up giving nonsensical advice.
Last time on Aikatsu Friends!
Las Vegas Las Vegas - Just a bit until our tour's finished.
Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Las Vegas Everybody, arigatou!
Later.
Laugh or cry, the next competition is our last.
Lead role in a ballet?
Learning about what goes on behind the scenes is meaningful Aikatsu too.
Learning what goes on behind the scenes is meaningful Aikatsu too.
Leave everything to Pure Palette!
Leave it to me!
Leave it to me! I'm excited to help!
- Leave it to Onee-san!!
Leave it to Onee-san!
Leave it to us!
Leave it to us Onee-sans to hold down the fort while you're away!
Leave more than enough time for changing and makeup ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Leave more than enough time for changing and makeup.
Leave them be.
Leave the newbies to us.
Leave the politics to myself and Charles.
Leave the statecraft to myself and Charles.
- Legendary Friends I Believe Reforms - Behind the scenes at I Believe's restart - Every fan's dream!! I Believe is back! - Just Who is I Believe?
Legend says that one of my ancestors sealed it within this rock.
Lend me the power to reclaim everyone's happiness!
Lessons.
let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord Aqua Palette Coord
let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord
let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord
let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord
Let me be blunt with you.
Let me go!
Let me go one more time!
Let me handle the cunique.
Let me introduce myself. I'm Habara Mamiko, a reporter from Weekly Runrun.
Let me know if inspiration strikes.
Let me know if you get inspired.
Let me return it. Your technical abilities may not be there yet, but I could definitely feel your heat.
Let me see.
Let me see...
Let me take a bite of your plan too.
Let me take a bite out of it too.
Let me take on your nerves.
Let me think...
Let me through!
Let's a-go all the way to shore!
"Let's Aikatsu Together"!
Let's Aikatsu Together!
Let's all burn hot as long as we can.
Let's all do our best!
Let's all pitch in to find a way to let Coco-chan do Aikatsu!
Let's all play together!
Let's all say it together!
Let's all work together to get this commercial shot!
- Let's ask Tama-chan dig into the Jeweling Dresses for you.
Let's ask Tama-chan to dig into the Jeweling Dresses for you.
- Let's ask Tama-chan to do the digging on Jeweling Dresses for you.
Let's become Best Friends!
Let's become Best Friends.
Lets become Best Friends!
Let's become Diamond Friends in our Miracle Dresses!
Let's be friends, Mocha-chan.
Let's begin!
Let's begin.
Let's begin the meeting proper.
Let's be grateful you recovered quickly.
Let's be people who can laugh through them!
Let's be the best Diamond Friends we can!
Let's blow away the cold with your heat!
Let's bring her out right away.
Let's call them in now.
Let's cap off with the weekly viewer's choice poll.
Let's check it out, Mio!
Let's cheer too!
Let's climb this tree!
Let's collect the parachute.
Let's come up with an original menu for the event!
Let's come up with an original menu ourselves for the event!
Let's compare them in the studio, Ema.
Let's create a big bang!
Let's create even more miracles from now on.
Let's create the perfect dresses for us, together!
Let's dance away that blizzard!
Let's decide the order for days one and two!
Let's dig in!
Let's dive in!
Let's do Aikatsu!
Let's do Aikatsu together to prepare for the second coming of I Believe.
Let's do a test run! Ready...
Let's do everything we can first.
Let's do everything we can to have our fans love us even more too, Mio.
Let's do it!
Let's do it, Mio-chan!
Let's do it together, Mio-chan!
Let's do Miracle Appeals we can be proud of!
Let's do our best!
Let's do our best in the Diamond Friends Cup in these dresses, Mio!
Let's do our best to master it by the Cup!
- Let's do the boots!
Let's do this!
Let's do this, Aine.
Let's do this, Ema!
Let's do this, everyone!
Let's do this, Onee-sama.
Let's do this, Rinna!
Let's do this together.
Let's do what we can!
Let's each work hard on our journey to become Diamond Friends!
Let's eat!
Let's eat.
Let's eat together!
Let's eat together.
Let's enjoy a quiet day for once.
Let's face Coco-chan's earnestness with our own.
Let's find our own emblem of happiness too.
Let's fix you up with frienergy!
Let's get 'em, Aine!
Let's get going, Ema-chan.
Let's get moving.
Let's get right to it. Hello, Coco-chan.
Let's get right to reading through the script!
Let's get rolling!
Let's get snug under a warm kotatsu.
Let's get straight to the rules of this audition.
Let's get the café ready to go!
Let's get the stage cleared before the blizzard gets here!
Let's get this finished up quick.
Let's get this moving!
Let's get this party going!
Let's get this show on the road!
Let's get this show on the road.
Let's get this started.
Let's get to it!
Let's get to the next one, Mio-chan.
Let's give it all we've got!
Let's give it all we've got, Mio.
Let's give it another shot.
Let's give it a try!
Let's give it a try.
Let's give it a try, together!
Let's give them a run for their money, Mio-chan.
Let's go!
Let's go.
Let's go ahead with the test.
Let's go and become Diamond Friends together!
Let's go and see.
Let's go, Charles.
Let's go, Ema!
Let's go! Everyone Aikatsu!
Let's go find them!
Let's go get us some tasty food.
Let's go hand-fishing!
Let's go hit Hibiki-san with it!
Let's go, Karen.
Let's go looking too!
Let's go, Maika.
Let's go, Mio!
Let's go, Mio.
Let's go one stage higher!
Let's go out and find your Aikatsu!
Let's go through a test run! Ready...
Let's go together!
Let's go, together!
Let's go together and aim to become Diamond Friends!
Let's go to the Hero Bridge!
Let's go with a cool pose next.
Let's go with the surprise attack Oda Nobunaga used to claim victory at the Battle of Okehazama!
Let's hang out again, Aine-chan!
Let's have a blast today, Wakaba-chan!
Let's have a good time together.
Let's have a really fun time today!
Let's have everyone present their creations.
Let's have her make her appearance.
Let's have Love Me Tear start us off.
Let's have the current Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear, start us off!
Let's have the reigning Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear, start us off!
Let's have you pretend to be in a situation where you're confessing your love to the heroine Mio with a macaron.
Let's have you profess those feelings!
Let's head back, Mio-chan.
Let's head back quick and train!
Let's head on over to the concert stadium.
Let's hear more of your ideas!
Let's heat things up so much we'll blow away all the winter cold!
Let's heat things up together!
Let's heat this up!
Let's hold a surprise party!
Let's hold the event!
Let's hope it's something she can learn from Aine-chan.
Let's hurry.
Let's hurry. The staff are waiting for you.
Let's hurry. They're waiting for you.
Let's introduce today's guests.
Let's introduce you all right away.
Let's keep going!
Let's keep on pushing forward with our Aikatsu, Mio.
Let's keep the magic a secret between friends.
Let's keep the pace.
Let's keep this pace up!
Let's keep up our Aikatsu, together!
Let's keep up the pace!
Let's keep up the pace.
Let's keep up this pace down to the riverside!
Let's keep up this pace for the rest.
Let's kick butt at today's shoot!
let's laugh by their side moshi dareka ga warattara tonari de waraou And when I finally learn more about you kimi no koto wo motto shireta toki And when I finally learn more about you kimi no koto wo motto shireta toki A brand-new story will begin with you and me
Let's live together in Antarctica!
Let's look for her owner.
Let's make a big bang!
Let's make a big bang, Aine!
Let's make a great memory!
Let's make even more miracles from now on.
Let's make it really sizzle in here!
Let's make sure Coco gets her time in the spotlight!
Let's make sure it's ready!
Let's make use of all the Aikatsu experience we have under our belts and give it all we've got, Mio!
Let's move on to our next letter. This one's from radio name Pure Palekko-san.
Let's move the party somewhere else.
Let's nail down this Miracle Appeal!
Let's nail this Miracle Appeal!
Let's not waste any time. Here's everything you need to be an idol.
Let's paint lots of dreams!
Let's pick a theme for the dress first.
Let's pick up the pace!
Let's play!
Let's play a game.
Let's play together.
Let's practice. I'll read alongside.
Let's practice our song for the Christmas concert.
Let's put your grand aspirations aside for a minute.
Let's raise the pace!
Let's rest here until the rain lets up.
Let's run!
Let's say it together!
Let's say that thing to get pumped up!
Let's scrub you off.
Let's see...
Let's see, a good place to hold a party...
Let's see, could you wait just a minute?
Let's see her off with a smile.
Let's see if all their answers are spot-on.
Let's see if all their answers match.
Let's see. I suppose considering how energetic you are, the pop-type Candy Party would be my recommendation.
Let's see, I've got my Friend Album and my card binder. Then...
Let's see just how delicious you can make us.
Let's see, last up is a photo shoot and interview with the Aikatsu Style Times magazine.
Let's see, last up is a photoshoot and interview with the Aikatsu Style Times magazine.
Let's see the moment history is made together!
Let's see the results!
Let's see... where can I find Minato-san?
Let's see, you go on...
Let's send this to AiTube!
Let's shake on it.
Let's shine as bright as these dresses, Mio.
Let's shine bright enough not to put them to shame, Mio.
Let's shine bright, Mirai!
Let's shine the brightest!
Let's shine together!
Let's show them off to everyone.
Let's show them our thanks with this performance!
Let's sing utaou Let's sing utaou So this is my dress...
Let's sing utaou Let's sing utaou The pink diamonds on her dress are so shiny!
Let's soar high, Karen.
Let's start off by hearing what their special talents are.
Let's start with you pretending to confess your love to Mio with a macaron.
Let's step on it.
Let's switch over to talking like we usually do.
Let's take a short break.
Let's take turns along the way.
Let's tell Karen-san that if she wants to come at us with all she's got, then bring it on!
Let's try them.
Let's turn up the heat, Aine!
Let's turn you into a new and improved Pure Palette!
Let's unveil it there.
Let's up this to AiTube!
Let's wear these Best Friends Rare Dresses we made together They're simply stunning.
Let's welcome NaNiColle!
Let's win that special guest appearance!
Let's work harder at our Aikatsu.
Let's work hard so we can meet our fans around the world!
Let's wrap it up.
Let the Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix start!
Let the Diamond Friends Cup begin!
Let the Diamond Friends Cup finals begin!
Let these ladies through.
Let the show begin!
Let the tournament begin!
Let this be a present of happy times to everyone who sees me!
Letting my mind run free in the field of ideas stirs my artist blood.
Let us ask the moon.
Let us ask the moon once we get home.
Let us become the full moon together!
Let us compete, fair and square.
Let us dance as our hearts command!
Let us give our utmost!
Let us go.
Let us handle it!
Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon Interview Room Next entrants, please.
"Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" is a love story between a Lunarian and an Earthling.
- Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon
Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon Theme Song Release Premiere Live Theme Song Release Premiere Live Theme Song Release Premiere Live Theme Song Release Premiere Live I'm overjoyed that I passed the audition, but at the same time, it went against what I divined for Aine-san and Mio-san...
Let us put all the people of this planet under our moon idol spell!
Let us put on this performance.
Let us rebuild it.
Let us use the stage.
- Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever - Let your heart beat! Believe in it forever
Leveled up?!
Liar, I know you're scared of horror.
Like!
Like a bat?
Like a dancing butterfly!
- Like! - Aine-chan delivering a lost item...
Like an idol?
Like a snake staring down a frog.
- Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like!
- Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious - Like! - Barbecue with everyone - ♪ Barbecue ♪delicious
- Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're
- Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show
Like doggies and kitties?
Like feeling anxious that you should be working harder.
Like for whacking bad jokes while MCing.
Like I could just sit back and keep quiet!
Like I said...
Like I said, Honey Cat's in it to win it!
Like I said, I'm not into that kind of thing!
Likes!
- Likes - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 - #abouttoair #pleasewatch☆ - You gave me courage! - I'll do my best to live - You're the best! - Aine-chan, I want to You even more☆ - Likes - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 - #abouttoair #pleasewatch☆ - You gave
Like say, for instance...
- Likes! - Christmas cake!
- Like! - Silly faces with my senpai!!
Like something to activate it.
- Like! - Sugar and Honey Cat had a great event!
Like this?
Like this... and then...
Like to punish bad jokes while MCing.
Like waking early is fortunate, cooking is lucky, or brushing hair will bring blessings?
Like when we were hesitating whether to form Friends or not.
Like when we weren't sure if we should form Friends.
Likewise.
Likewise from us.
Likewise, I appreciate all your hard work.
Likewise, I'm glad to have this opportunity to work with you both.
Likewise, I very much appreciate your support.
Like you feel anxious that you should be working harder.
Like you should!
Like you should be!
Like you wouldn't believe.
Lion Alien - Which of the following four animals do you run into there? - Bear - Bunny What animal do you run into first?
Lions don't hold back even when hunting rabbits, right?
Listen!
Listen close! Being invited to this Fest is proof that you've been accepted as a real celeb for the first time! Even the President of the United States and his wife are coming on Air Force One!
Listen, I want to do absolutely everything I can.
Listen, Kaguya-chan.
Listen, Mio.
Listen to the crowd!
Listen to them, and they'll push you to the top!
Listen to this...
- List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs - List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs - List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs
- List to prepare - Tabelcloth - Garlands - Tableware - Flowers - Poppers - Mics - Foodstuffs We've reached a good stopping point.
Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord I'm Coco!
Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord Little Charmant Coord I'm the Aikatsu Navi, Coco!
Little kids had no chance.
Little kids had no chance of competing.
- Live on a street wandering show a sleeping Shirayuri Sakuya and troubled Chouno Maika - Shuffle Friends have already caught fire!
- Live on a street wandering show a sleeping Shirayuri Sakuya and troubled Chouno Maika - Shuffle Friends have already caught fire! - Shuffle Friends have already caught fire!
Live on a street wandering show a sleeping Shirayuri Sakuya and troubled Chouno Maika Some fans even want it to be a permanent fixture.
- Live on a street wandering show a sleeping Shirayuri Sakuya and troubled Chouno Maika Who knew that Shuffle Friends would go this well?
L-Let go!
L-Likewise!
Long ago, in this very land, the sun goddess hid away in a cave, shrouding the world in darkness.
- Long plane rides can make your feet bloat.
Look!
Look.
Look at all the berries.
Look at all their brighty smiles.
Look at all the people.
Look at all these delicious tomatoes!
Look at all the sherbet varieties!
Look at all this...
Look at its traditional and clean appearance.
- Look at me now that I have become worthy of you through Spacekatsu!
Look at me now that I have become worthy of you through Spacekatsu!
Look at that!
Look at that smile!
Look at the bright luminance of the silk!
Look at this!
Look at this too. The dress's "making of" video is trending on AiTube too.
Look at this two. The dress "making of" video is trending on AiTube too.
Look at this! You're already fast friends.
Look at what?
Look closely at that volcano.
Look. Here and here.
Look, he's glaring at me again, and he always slaps me out of nowhere.
Look, he's glaring at me again, and he always slaps me without warning.
Look how gorgeous it is!
Look how much Aine-chan's grown!
Look how pretty the ginkgo trees are.
Look how pretty their dresses are!
Look how professional you've gotten.
Lookie here!
Look, if it isn't the super popular Pure Palette and Honey Cat!
Look, I know I'm the one who said we should find a jewel ourselves...
- Looking at all of this, I couldn't be prouder of how far you've come in less than a year.
Looking at all of this, I couldn't be prouder of how far you've come in less than a year as idols.
- Looking at all of this, I couldn't be prouder of how far you've come less than one year after becoming idols.
Looking back, I'm sure that's the moment I awakened to my frienergy.
Looking back on it, we should have realized something was strange...
- Looking back on it, we should have realized something was strange, - If we had thought it over calmly, it should've been too strange to believe...
- Looking back, they've always been one step ahead of us.
Looking for people to help us out!
Looking good!
Looking like a deer in the headlights will just bore everyone.
Looking like a deer in the headlights will just bore everyone around you.
Looking nice.
Look, it's Honey Cat!
Look, it's tan ta-tan!
Look, it's you!
Look, Mommy!
Look, Onee-sama! This butterfly...
Look out!
Look out, it went your way!
Look out, Prince!
Look over here!
Look over there!
- Look, see how much he's enjoying his bath?
Looks like both you and Sakuya-chan love, love, looove Love Me Tear now.
Looks like both you and Sakuya-chan love, love, love Love Me Tear now.
Looks like I'll have to agree.
Looks like it was too tough for our indoor girl Mio to keep up with them.
Looks like our bank filling up is still a ways away.
Looks like our indoor girl Mio couldn't keep up with them.
Looks like Pure Palette executed their Miracle Appeal as well.
Looks like Pure Palette mastered their Miracle Appeal as well.
Looks like something's on your mind.
Looks like that's my signal to show everyone my specialest evol ustakia.
Looks like there was a misfortune.
Looks like they had a lovely summer break.
Looks like we figured it out.
Looks like we'll be able to do even more Aikatsu together going forward.
Looks like we'll need to stay serious and keep advancing our Aikatsu.
Looks like we're still a ways off from filling the bank.
Looks like we've got this year's Diamond Friends already.
Looks like we were thinking the same thing.
Looks like you can use a pool to imitate space.
Looks like your acting prowess has gone way up!
Looks like you're not fully recovered yet.
Looks like you're up next, Nako-chan.
Look, the start signal has begun the countdown!
Look up "Aikatsu Friends! TV Tokyo" online!
Look up, everyone!
Look up there!
Look what we have here. What a bold declaration to make in front of the Diamond Friends themselves.
Look who we have here.
Look, you're safe now.
Look, you've just got to put this here...
Losing shocked me to the core.
Lost of all other options, I became desperate for anything that could help.
Lost of all other options, I grew desperate.
Lots of Coco-chans!
Lots of endurance!
Lots of friends, lots of dreams!
﻿Lots of friends! Lots of dreams!
Lots of viewers were saying there was no way the discovery of the century was coming.
Lots were drawn to determine the bracket, and the first day will be Honey Cat versus Pure Palette.
Love?
Love aijou The "Ai" of Aikatsu is the 愛 of 愛情.
Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord I'm Coco!
Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord I'm Coco!!!
Love, hate. Happy, sad.
Lovely!
Lovely Friends, provide them assistance.
Love Me Tear!
Love Me Tear?
Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for
Love Me Tear and Pure Palette, both of you pass!
- Love Me Tear could probably have managed to take him on, - The two of Love Me Tear may have been able to just barely handle him, But can you stand on equal footing with such a strong opponent?
Love Me Tear could probably have managed to take him on together, but can you stand on equal footing against such a strong opponent?
Love Me Tear created a miracle on stage.
Love Me Tear Even though they're all called Friends, each comes in a different form.
Love Me Tear goes on!
Love Me Tear has given a performance for the history books at their very first Diamond Friends Cup!
Love Me Tear has given us a performance for the history books at their very first Diamond Friends Cup!
Love Me Tear has received an offer to make a special guest appearance for the upcoming sci-fi movie, Star Romance Wars.
Love Me Tear is always striving to improve each other.
Love Me Tear is an idol unit composed of Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai.
Love Me Tear is an idol unit comprised of Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai.
Love Me Tear is as amazing as ever. They were even inducted into AiTube's hall of fame.
Love Me Tear is the pinnacle all idols strive for, as well as the rivals we must surpass.
Love Me Tear just finished with their performance, Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette and now we...
- Love Me Tear - Kamishiro Karen - Asuka Mirai Love Me Tear Kamishiro Karen Asuka Mirai "To our dearest Pure Palette," We're having a Love Me Tear concert soon!
Love Me Tear Legends?
- Love Me Tear Legends ~Final Chapter~ - New Volume Love Me Tear Legends ~Final Chapter~
Love Me Tear Legends Love Me Tear Legends Diamond Friends Chapter Diamond Friends Chapter Part Part Final Chapter Final Chapter END END You say you cannot shine in such a cheap world?
Love Me Tear Legends Love Me Tear Legends - Diamond Friends Chapter - m 518 232 l 710 201 l 707 224 l 701 233 l 507 265 Love Me Tear's dramatic origin story is legendary!
Love Me Tear Legends Love Me Tear Legends Love Me Tear Legends Diamond Friends Chapter Diamond Friends Chapter Good work, girls. Until the results are tallied...
- Love Me Tear Legends - Love Me Tear Legends - Love Me Tear Legends - Diamond Friends Chapter - Diamond Friends Chapter Love Me Tear Legends?
- Love Me Tear Legends - Love Me Tear Legends - New Volume - New Volume - On Sale Soon - On Sale Soon Nothing could make me happier than improving and honing my idol skills alongside such incredible Friends!
Love Me Tear! Love Me Tear!
Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Love Me Tear
Love Me Tear Love Me Tear - Super Culturists Descend Tonight!!
Love Me Tear never fails to amaze.
Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for
Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance - A Gift for Love Me Tear - A Gift for Love Me Tear - Performance - Performance A "Gift for Love Me Tear" performance...
Love Me Tear rarely invites people to their shows personally.
Love Me Tear rarely personally invites people to their shows.
Love Me Tear's appeal goes far beyond what we see in their performances.
Love Me Tear's Asuka Mirai-san!
Love Me Tear's Diamond Dresses are so shiny and bright!
Love Me Tear's Friendom TV!
Love Me Tear's Friend Record TV!
Love Me Tear's Friends present exchange was legendary.
- Love Me Tear's - From Love Me Tear, with love~
Love Me Tear's From Love Me Tear, with love~
- Love Me Tear's - From Love Me Tear, with love~ - Falling incessantly from the night sky, shining shooting stars. - The love meteor shower from Love Me Tear - Captured the hearts of their large audience. - And thus, they became legends... - Kamishiro Karen and Asuka Mirai will follow their own paths for now
Love Me Tear's goal was to make one plus one equal infinity, but from now on it'll be two plus two, and I'm looking forward to it!
Love Me Tear's Kamishiro Karen-san.
Love Me Tear's legend is still far from over.
Love Me Tear's Miracle Aura was the coolest!
Love Me Tear's performance was blindingly bright, like something from out of a dream.
Love Me Tear ♥ Spring Tour Love Me Tear ♥ Spring Tour m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Tonight, the Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear, are holding a concert here.
Love Me Tear's private jet?!
Love Me Tear's private jet has?!
Love Me Tear's spot is...
Love Me Tear's talent with makeup is exceptional.
Love Me Tear was first to take the stage.
Love Me Tear was unsatisfied with the state of their Aikatsu and put their activities on hold.
Love Me Tear was unsatisfied with the state of their Aikatsu, and put their activities on hold.
Love Me Tear will surely grow to shine ever brighter.
Love Me Zone?
love you.
Love you!
Luna Witch is a gothic brand themed around the moon.
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 8/17 8:30 PM - IMPORTANT ANNOUNCEMENT!
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Get your passport as early as possible!
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Even given how many Friends have been here?
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Aine-chan's a hard worker.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Even with all the Friends who've come here?
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Buyer Comments Buyer Comments - coconuts ♪Can't wait! I wanna see Aine-chan live! Panda Girl ♪I've been waiting for this! l'll definitely go! Ume Tea ♪Your last PR Dress was awesome! So excited to see your new one! King Penguin ♪I'm obsessed with Sugar Melody! cottoncandy ♪I want to see you perform right now!!
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Hey, Aine...
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 She has a solo concert coming up, and her tickets sold out instantly.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Thank you, everyone.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 They took the radiance of their Miracle Dresses to a whole new level.
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Tickets for her upcoming solo concert sold out instantly.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 She's pretty good, finally getting Chiharu-san to break out.
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 We formed Friends!
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Milk chocolate Peanut cookies Dried fig jam Yummy honey Colorful soap Fancy mug Cute hand mirror Checkered scarf Cute coin case Bear charm Ballpoint pen set Pendant Cute colored lip gloss Cute colored nail kit Gorgeous earrings Sparkly hair clip
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Our Friends name...
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Overseas Aikatsu tip number one.
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Overseas Aikatsu tip number two.
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Pure Palette Special Pure Palette Special m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Pure Palette Stadium Live Pure Palette Stadium Live m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 You got that right. Nobody can
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - We formed Friends!
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 We formed Friends!
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 We formed Friends!
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Well look who we have here.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 You lost your voice?
- M 167 78 l 574 78 l 660 79 l 830 79 l 882 80 l 937 80 l 1128 93 l 1126 164 l 1124 230 l 1123 265 l 929 305 l 585 301 l 585 301 l 566 304 l 533 304 l 250 288 l 245 285 l 233 283 l 217 284 l 175 282 l 153 282
m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838 465 l 733 481 l 693 412 l 590 389 l 583 371 l 597 276 Feel free to stop on by m 623 249 l 827 251 l 860 296 l 872 333 l 873 383 l 838
- m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395 - Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse - m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395 - Aine-chan will face Ema-chan in lacrosse - m 652 358 l 719 334 l 859 348 l 868 389 l 649 395
- M 715 17 l 720 89 1142 86 1140 28 - m 715 17 l 720 89 1142 86 1140 28 I don't know what I'd do if I accidentally got all 100's and they scooped me ranking first in my class!
Macaron?
- Macaron Folk Dance - Macaron Folk Dance - Macaron Folk Dance - Macaron Folk Dance "Macaron Folk Dance"?
Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance The idol, Minato Mio-san, is performing the Macaron Folk Dance all around town with her schoolmates.
Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance The second was the macaron onslaught.
- Macaron Folk Dance Official Video - Minato Mio Official Channel 1. 01M views 3 days ago - Macaron Folk Dance Practice Video - Minato Mio Official Channel 1M views 3 days ago - Macaron Folk Dance CM Short Ver - Minato Mio Official Channel 950k views 3 days ago
- Macaron Folk Dance "We Danced" Ver - Minato Mio Official Channel 980k views 3 days ago Macaron Folk Dance is so cute!
Macaron is always on the next evolution!
Macaron Macaron Onslaught Onslaught And now, we've been green-lighted for our third production.
Macaron-ron! Macaron-ron!
mada kodomo chotto toku shita kibun There's nothing wrong with wanting to stay innocent mujaki datte chittomo okashikunai shi There's nothing wrong with wanting to stay innocent mujaki datte chittomo okashikunai shi - And sometimes acting older fits me just fine - senobi shitatte pittari to hamaru no - And sometimes acting older fits me just fine - senobi shitatte pittari to hamaru no
Made it!
Magazine writers and paparazzi will hound you looking for scoops.
- Maika!
Ma-i-ka!
Maika!
Maika!!
Maika?
Maika.
Maika...
Maika and Ema-chan are Friends too, and they arrive together.
Maika and Ema-chan are Friends too, and they come together.
Maika and Ema-chan are working hard on their Honey Cat worldwide tour.
Maika-chan!
Maika-chan...
Maika-chan and Ema-chan have traveled around the globe on their world tour.
Maika-chan and Ema-chan of Honey Cat created a Best Friends Rare Dress born from their clash of personalities!
Maika-chan and Ema-chan of Honey Cat finally created their Best Friends Rare Dress born from their clash of personalities!
Maika-chan and Ema-chan overcame with the Friends power they gathered from all their fans.
Maika-chan and Ema-chan put on the most amazing show as Honey Cat.
Maika-chan and Ema-chan told me all about it! I want to help too.
Maika-chan and Ema-chan traveled around the globe on their world tour.
Maika-chan and Sakuya-chan formed Honey Moon, while Ema-chan and Kaguya-chan formed Reflect Cat.
Maika-chan, don't give up!
Maika-chan, don't tell me...
Maika-chan, Ema-chan!
Maika-chan, Ema-chan.
Maika-chan, Ema-chan, go and bring it on!
- Maika-chan, Ema-chan, good luck! I'm hype!
Maika-chan finally became Dancing Mirage's muse!
Maika-chan is fantastic!
Maika-chan is good!
Maika-chan is surprisingly cute.
Maika-chan, let's bring it all to the court!
Maika-chan loves dancing and festivals, and Ema-chan, one year our senior, is always pulling us forward with a smile.
Maika-chan's my friend.
Maika-chan's the best!
Maika-chan, what you really love is dancing, right?
Maika! Cheer up already!
Maika did plenty of modeling work before as a fashion-oriented idol, Are you Sexy?
Maika, do you understand why you're receiving a flood of offers despite being so early in your idol career?
Maika, Ema.
Maika? Ema...
Maika got plenty of modeling work before as a fashion-oriented idol, and now that she formed Friends, Ema-chan has been getting involved too as a sort of fresh new addition.
Maika is Maika.
Maika like a butterfly!
Maika Like a Butterfly!
Maika, look at that.
Maika lost confidence in herself after hearing that from her designer, Noa-san.
MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA MAIKA Come, Maika! Bring it!
Maika-san, you're late!
Maika's Festival Float Attack!
Maika's love for Dancing Mirage is as hot as ever.
Maika's love of festivals really let her put her heart into being the MC.
Maika's performance brought out everything good about her dress and more.
Maika, why the sad look?
Maika, you are not ready to become the muse of Dancing Mirage.
Maika, you are not ready to be the muse of Dancing Mirage.
Maika, you're as darling as ever.
mainichi wo Every day mainichi wo Every day mainichi wo Try on new clothes kisekaete Try on new clothes kisekaete Try on new clothes kisekaete Open a new world atarashii Open a new world atarashii Open a new world atarashii - And wonder - suteki - And wonder - suteki
Maito-san!
Maito-san?
Make bold movements and delicate expressions.
Make bold movements, and delicate expressions!
Make certain they do not interfere with the citizens' lives.
Make certain they do not interfere with the citizens' lives Bathing the pure white stage in a variety of colored illumination will give it a prismatic touch.
Make it, frienergy!
Make it! Frienergy Make it! Frienergy Make it! Frienergy The Star Harmony Cup.
- Make it look as natural as can be! - Bacchiri nachuraru de ikou!
Make it to shore on Karen Island using the stepping stones within the time limit.
Make it to shore on Karen Island via the stepping stones within the time limit.
Make Pure Palette's Best Friends Rare Dress.
Make sure never to lose it.
Make sure to come hang out again!
- Make sure to hang out sometime!
Make sure you never lose it.
Make this face!
Make those lights a bit brighter.
Makeup?
- Make UP shite Dress UP shite Level UP shite I meet U - Starlight dances to a Star Beat - Starlight odore Star Beat - Put on a ribbon and I'll smile and love - ribbon wo kakete Smile & Love - Be dramatic, be romantic, let's make memories, Boys and Girls!
Makeup to make you smile!
Make yourself comfortable.
Make yourselves at home.
Making a million friends isn't impossible!
Making a million friends won't just be a dream.
Making friends has always come easily to Aine.
Making friends is such a pain.
Making it a reality will definitely make everyone you meet happy.
Making people happy is part of our Aikatsu too.
Making such a big dream into reality brings with it as much happiness as uncertainty.
Making Up Ceremony Aine-chan, do you give up?
Making Up Ceremony Let the event begin!
Making Up Ceremony Making Up Ceremony It's Aine-chan and Mio-chan's Making Up Ceremony!
Making Up Ceremony This is what love looks like.
makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this year! - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - Reflect Moon Special
Mama...
Mama, another tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich!
mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai
Mama works at the castle.
Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager Manager
Manager Manager Manager Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki - Team - Team Team Weren't you at a photoshoot for a magazine today?
Man, even just running normally takes way more effort!
Man, I haven't heard that in forever!
Man, I would've loved to see it.
Man, just trying to run normally takes way more effort!
Man, that's amazing! Your Macaron Folk Dance vid has over a million views!
Man, they were going crazy for you.
Man, what a powerful performance that was.
Many Friends have passed through the halls of Star Harmony Academy, you know?
Many girls began to work with their friends after making their debuts, The theme I chose to design around was the greatest of friends shining in the brightest of dresses.
Many girls do idol work with their friends soon after making their debuts, but Mio was alone in her Aikatsu for a long time.
Man, you really had me on edge there.
manzoku nante shitakunai kara - I can't let that happen - dekinai kara - I can't let that happen - dekinai kara - No compromise - dakyou wa nai - No compromise - dakyou wa nai - No giving up - owari mo nai - No giving up - owari mo nai
manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction
manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara No compromise
manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara manzoku nante shitakunai kara No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise
Marin-san?
- Marin-san - Marin-san - Incoming call...
- Marin-san - Marin-san - Incoming call... - Incoming call...
- Marin-san - Marin-san - Marin-san - Marin-san - Incoming call... - Incoming call...
Marin-san, Rinna-san!
Marron-chan, we're so sorry for frightening you.
marude ne koorasu tai da "Check that out, over here" our voices ring aloud "are mo, kore mo" oto ga natte "Check that out, over here" our voices ring aloud "are mo, kore mo" oto ga natte I think we could become an orchestra ookesutora dekisou da yo I think we could become an orchestra
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special Master Battle Tourney Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Asuka Mirai - Asuka Mirai Asuka Mirai!
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Flower Arrangement - Flower Arrangement I'll have fun...
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special Master Master Love Me Tear Love Me Tear Pretty good Pretty good Pure Palette Pure Palette Try harder Try harder - Garnet Angel Melty Ametrine - Garnet Angel Melty Ametrine Love Me Tear!
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Packing Technique - Packing Technique Packing technique!
- Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Tea Ceremony - Tea Ceremony I'll go.
- Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special - Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special Are you ready for this? It's the Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special!
Master Battle Tourney! The next topic is...
- Master Idol Coco.
Mastering one's way is a battle with oneself.
Mastering this lesson is a bridge we must cross to become Diamond Friends!
Mastery Idol Coco.
Mastery Idol Coco★ Mastery Idol Coco★ Mastery Idol Coco★ The last unit to grace the stage is the one and only Pure Palette!
mata kujikesou ni nattatte Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown Today is the future of yesterday,
Material Color's dress ethos is forming refined silhouettes and using stylish designs.
Material Color's Neo Combination Coord is known for it's cool colors.
Material: Nylon and cotton Size: About 42 cm long, 32 cm tall, 13 cm wide Weight: Total about 400 g Style: Fastener Two different colors The commercial will be about how you like the bag so much you'll even take it up on stage.
- Matteta? zutto matteta!
mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough
mattete kureteta mai furenzu We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita Even if you lose sight of it
mattete kureteta mai furenzu We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita
Mature?
Max squee!
Maybe.
Maybe a different direction?
- Maybe a lightning bolt!
Maybe because of your desire to befriend all your fans.
Maybe because she's been an idol for so long she just doesn't understand how to act around her friends.
Maybe because she's been an idol for so long, she just doesn't understand how to act around her friends.
Maybe because we've been on tour for so long.
- Maybe because we've been on tour so long.
Maybe going there can give you some inspiration.
Maybe Hibiki-san can help.
Maybe Hibiki-san could help.
Maybe I am.
Maybe I should've gone with them after all.
Maybe it'll be something none of us can even imagine.
Maybe it really was reckless for me to apply for such a big audition.
Maybe it really was reckless for me to enter such a big audition.
Maybe it's a treasure map!
Maybe it's like the Diamond Dresses where you need to win a competition first?
Maybe it's that one!
Maybe it was being harassed by the crows.
Maybe that was optimistic...
Maybe there was a kidnapping threat!
Maybe tomorrow holds an even more miraculous color in wait for us ashita wa motto kiseki mitai na karaa umareru kamo ne Maybe tomorrow holds an even more miraculous color in wait for us ashita wa motto kiseki mitai na karaa umareru kamo ne Maybe tomorrow holds an even more
Maybe to you, I'm just one friend out of many, but to me, you're my one and only.
Maybe you could spice up the production.
Maybe you'll win the Keyword of the Year Award.
Maybe you're just being too much of a perfectionist.
Maybe you should save your excitement for after we get the part.
Maybe you should save your excitement for after you get the part.
May everyone's feelings be able to reach their beloved.
May everyone's feelings be able to reach their precious person.
May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka Thank you for the fabulous performance!
May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka The brand of her dress is Luna Witch, isn't it?
May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka What?
May I assist you with that?
May I come in?
May I have a moment?
May I look through myself?
- Mayowazu susume! - Mayowazu susume!
May they last until eternity just like this diamond kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni May they last until eternity just like this diamond kawaru koto sae shiranai kono daiya no you ni If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach chikadzuitemo hanareteku hikari ga hoshii nara
May us Aikatsu with smiles on our faces next year as well!
May we Aikatsu with smiles on our faces next year as well!
Me!
Me?
Me and Kaguya-chan's all-out alien impressions?
Me and Maika?
Me and Maika are going back to Honey Cat!
Meaningful?
Meanwhile, Pure Palette, Baby Pirates, and Double Hibiscus took a different route...
Meanwhile, Pure Palette, Baby Pirates, and Double Hibiscus took a different route, and...
- Meanwhile, we're not even allowed to enter the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Meanwhile, we were...
Me as well.
Me being here will be our little secret.
me courage! - I'll do my best to live - You're the best! - Aine-chan, I want to You even more☆ Likes Aine with script ♪ IdolWitch ♪Ep15 ♪ abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ You gave me courage!
me courage! - I'll do my best to live - You're the best! - Aine-chan, I want to You even more☆ - Likes - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 - #abouttoair #pleasewatch☆ - You gave me courage! - I'll do my best to live - You're the best! - Aine-chan, I want to
Meeting new Friends is so exciting!
Meeting new people feels just like a carnival Meeting new people feels just like a carnival atarashii deai wa marude kaanibaru atarashii deai wa marude kaanibaru Just turning round and round and round in the same place is a waste Just turning round and round and round in the same place is a waste
Meeting Room Coco's work tips number four.
- Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop
- Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal -
Me, form a Friends?!
Me, form Friends?!
me I've never shown to Papa datte papa no shiranai watashi ga iru no The view from six centimeters higher makes me want to change now 6 cm ue no keshiki mitara imachen no yokan The view from six centimeters higher makes me want to change now 6 cm ue no keshiki mitara imachen no yokan
Me, me!
Me neither.
Me, on the lacrosse team?
Meow!
Meow, meow!
Merci.
Merci beaucoup.
Merry Christmas, Aine.
Merry Christmas, Dad.
Merry Friends Christmas.
Merry Friends Christmas Merry Friends Christmas Merry Friends Christmas A2!
Messages of support are pouring in from your fans thanks to Mio.
Messed up again!
Me too!
Me too.
Me too...
Me too. For our fans, and for them, let's make this a great show.
Me too, I can't see a hint of hesitation on your face at all.
Me too. If you're nervous, it doesn't show at all.
Me too! I love, love, love Aine-chan and Mio-chan!
Me too! I'm really happy you're listening to my opinions.
Me too, I sure could use a drink.
Me too! I want to ride on a rabbit too!
Me too, me too!
Me too. No longer will we just look up to them.
Me too. Now we just have to pray that this commercial expands rapidly like a big bang.
Me too, Onee-sama!
Me too. We've gotta work harder than ever for them.
Me, with Ema?
me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Amazing!
me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Every single time, Love Me Tear always amazes me.
miageru watashi ni wa tada hitasura ima ga aru I look up and as always I can only live in the moment miageru watashi ni wa tada hitasura ima ga aru But as I wait one day the time will come sore demo yagate toki ga kite But as I wait one day the time will come
Michi...
mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte And even if you feel like you're all alone And even if you feel like you're all alone hitori nandatte omotte shimattara hitori nandatte omotte shimattara And even if you feel like you're all alone
mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte mienaku natte shimatte Even if you lose sight of it mienaku natte shimatte - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone - And even if you feel like you're all alone
Mika!
Mika-chan and Michi-chan are huge fans of Reflect Moon.
Mika-chan, Shiina-chan, what are you doing?
Mika, you're like Sakuya-chan!
Milky Joker.
Milky Joker's Premium Rare Dress is the Bunny Parade Coord.
Million-dollar smile!
Minato Mio!
Minato Mio, begin!
Minato Mio-chan!
- Minato Mio Exclusive Interview - Minato Mio Exclusive Interview - First trials as Friends - First trials as Friends I'm starting to get the jitters.
Minato Mio here.
Minato Mio Minato Mio Minato Mio Minato Mio Premium Rare Dress Premiere Live Premium Rare Dress Premiere Live Premium Rare Dress Premiere Live Premium Rare Dress Premiere Live I'm nervous.
Minato Mio Minato Mio My Material Sapphire Coord radiates a vivid azure light.
Minato Mio New Song Debut Minato Mio New Song Debut I'm super excited!
- Minato Mio Official Channel - Subscribe - Library - More from AiTube - Aitube - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Home - Videos - Community - Channel Because new idols don't get many opportunities on TV or in magazines, AiTube is a powerful weapon since
- Minato Mio Official Channel - "The view from 6cm higher" That's right, I forgot you did AiTube.
Minato Mio-san is on set!
- Minato Mio Special Live - Minato Mio Special Live When I first got the offer, I never expected it to end up like this.
- Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe - Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe - Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe - Minato Mio tried dressing up in spring fashion - Views - Subscribe
Minato Mio, what an idol you are!
- Minato Mio & Yuuki Aine Friends Formation Debut Live - Minato Mio & Yuuki Aine Friends Formation Debut Live Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
- Minato Mio & Yuuki Aine Friends Formation Debut Live - Minato Mio & Yuuki Aine Friends Formation Debut Live This is it.
Minato Mio Yuuki Aine Waiting Room I've prepared you two Style Dresses for today's show.
Minato Osamu. It's a pleasure.
Minato-san, we're about ready to continue.
Mind if I borrow Aine-chan for a bit?
Mind looking after my adorable protégé?
Mine is a Chinese-style dress.
Mine is the Diamond Future Coord.
Mine is the Night Dream Fantasy Coord.
Mine is the Sweetie Kitty Coord.
Mine too, Alicia.
Mio!
Mio?
Mio.
Mio...
Mio? Aine?
Mio, Aine-chan, I couldn't be happier than with you wearing them.
Mio, Aine-chan, I'm overjoyed that you'll be the ones to wear them.
Mio and I baked them. Right?
Mio, are you okay?
Mio, are you sick or something?
Mio, a somewhat unexpected offer came in for you.
Mio, become a pair with me.
Mio becomes a hero!
Mio Becomes A Hero Mio Becomes A Hero Mio Becomes A Hero Penguin Cafe I've been waiting for this moment ever since I first started studying design.
Mio, break up Pure Palette and live with me.
- Mio-chan!
Mio-chan!
Mio-chan?
Mio-chan.
Mio-chan...
Mio-chan, Aine-chan!
Mio-chan, Aine-chan, I hope you two wouldn't mind guiding these two.
Mio-chan and Aine-chan!
Mio-chan and Aine-chan, could you show these two around?
Mio-chan and I created a Friends unit named Pure Palette, and now we Aikatsu together.
Mio-chan and I will battle!
Mio-chan and me Mio-chan...
Mio-chan and me Sharing our breathing...
Mio-chan and my Friends, Pure Palette, is currently on break.
Mio-chan, are you hiding something from me?
Mio-chan, can we get you on standby?
Mio-chan, good morning!
Mio-chan, honesty is the best.
Mio-chan, how do I post on this again?
Mio-chan, I did it!
Mio-chan, I'd like a souvenir for the shop, so would you mind autographing this?
Mio-chan, I finally made an alien friend!
Mio-chan, I made this for you.
Mio-chan, in the end, what was it that was missing from your design?
Mio-chan isn't missing a beat.
Mio-chan is so amazing!
Mio-chan is so capable.
Mio-chan is so mature!
Mio-chan is the only one...
Mio-chan is the representative model of Aikatsu Style Times, so she's on all the covers.
Mio-chan, it's dangerous to stand up!
Mio-chan joined Kaguya-chan for her first ever attempt at voice acting for an animated film.
Mio-chan, Kaguya-chan and Sakuya-chan don't seem to get it!
Mio-chan, let's do this!
Mio-chan, let's take some deep breaths.
Mio-chan made her first ever attempt at voice acting, doing an animated film with Kaguya-chan.
Mio-chan made it into the top five, so we've still got a long way to go.
Mio-chan made it into the top five too, so we've still got a long way to go.
Mio-chan? Maika-chan? Ema-chan?
Mio-chan, not only are you the muse of your brand Material Color, but I understand that you also do designs yourself?
Mio-chan recently starred in a macaron commercial.
Mio-chan's Aikatsu is really on a different level.
Mio-chan says she was really inspired by Karen-san from Love Me Tear during the filming.
Mio-chan's doing great!
Mio-chan's gotta be the top choice for Friends.
Mio-chan shined much brighter than usual on stage!
Mio-chan's Material Sapphire Coord.
Mio-chan's one-day attendant?
Mio-chan's really letting you have it.
Mio-chan's sick?
Mio-chan's singing a new song!
Mio-chan's working hard.
Mio-chan, thank you!
Mio-chan, thank you again!
Mio-chan, thank you too!
Mio-chan, that was amazing!
- Mio-chan used to be a bit unapproachable before.
Mio-chan was amazing!
Mio-chan, we'll entrust Aine to your capable hands.
Mio-chan, we're probably the only ones up training this early!
Mio-chan, what kind of clothes did you wear for the shoot?
Mio-chan, what kind of fortune do you want?
Mio-chan, why'd you bring me here?
Mio-chan, why have you been taking pictures like that all day?
Mio-chan, would you come too?
Mio-chan, would you mind autographing this for the wall of our shop?
Mio-chan, you came!
Mio-chan! You came to watch?
Mio-chan, you came way too prepared.
Mio-chan, you could not bring yourself to trust in Aine-chan's potential.
Mio-chan, you jelly?
Mio-chan, you know everything.
Mio-chan, you know who Maika-chan is?
Mio-chan, you look up to Love Me Tear, don't you?
Mio-chan, you really brought it on me!
Mio-chan, you really brought it onto me!
Mio-chan, you're starting to break out of your shell.
Mio-chan, you're too earnest!
Mio-chan, your memory is amazing.
Mio-chan, your role models are Love Me Tear, aren't they?
Mio-chan, you sound like my mom.
Mio-chan, you've taken a step forward.
Mio-chan, you were incapable of trusting in Aine-chan's potential.
Mio-chan, you were super talented to begin with!
Mio, did you see the news today?
Mio, don't you have anything else to say?
Mio, Ema-chan, and Sakuya-chan are with Karen-san on the White Team.
Mio, good luck!
Mio, good luck with your performance.
Mio, great work.
Mio has loved Love Me Tear ever since she was a child.
Mio has this habit of being reserved over the strangest things.
Mio, I do...
Mio, I got the tickets you asked for.
Mio, I'm really sorry for all the trouble my sister caused.
Mio! I'm seriously worried about you here!
Mio! I'm so sorry!
Mio, I need to get going to meet with Chiharu-san.
Mio, I need to go meet with Chiharu-san now.
Mio is doing her best.
Mio, is something on your mind?
Mio is under the weather today, and has a fever as well.
Mio is under the weather today with a fever...
Mio, it's really delicious!
Mio, it's time to go.
Mio, it was back then!
Mio, I've got it!
Mio, I want to go against Love Me Tear.
Mio, let's go for a run.
Mio, let's go together!
Mio, look up!
Mio, maybe you should take a break.
Mio Mio Aine Maika Watching our performances during the semis showed them the depth of our friendship.
- Mio - Mio - Calling... - Calling...
Mio said she was gonna put on a hotter show than usual, so we rushed over.
Mio-san!
Mio-san, are you sure about this?
Mio-san, come with me!
Mio-san is exactly right.
Mio-san is so cool!
Mio-san is so daring!
Mio-san, let's write Pure Palette Legends.
Mio-san, Mio-san!
Mio-san's live performances have drastically increased the advertising effect.
Mio-san's live performances have worked in tandem to expand its influence.
Mio-san's score is... 100 points Your topic is a new Pure Palette dress.
Mio-san, would you be interested in Pure Palette Legends?
Mio-san, you're so generous.
Mio-san, you're so nice.
Mio's commercial plan.
Mio's Commercial Plan!
Mio's dad is so funny!
Mio seemed to become a food expert overnight.
Mio's got a light cold, so I wanted to get her warmed up.
Mio's mom...
Mio's present for me was a new Pure Palette song she wrote all by herself!
Mio's reputation may fall as well, considering she's your partner.
Mio's reputation may take a hit as well, considering she's your partner.
Mio's schedule is already full for that day.
Mio's schedule is full that day.
Mio, thanks!
Mio, thank you for making me an idol.
Mio, that rock!
Mio, want any breakfast?
Mio, well done.
Mio, what is it?
Mio, what's that?
Mio will fill in for Love Me Tear.
Mio will handle Love Me Tear's job.
Mio, will you create another très bien commercial with me?
Mio worked hard enough at the shoot that they wrapped it up early.
Mio, you focus on your heroine role.
Mio, you focus on your own role.
Mio, you forgot our important charm a while back.
Mio, you forgot our important charm before.
Mio, you okay?
Mio, you stare at Penne too much!
Mio! You too.
Mio, you've grown so much.
Miracle!
Miracle Miracle Miracle - Audition - Audition - Audition Won't you show me your miracle Aikatsu too?
miraculous color in wait for us ashita wa motto kiseki mitai na karaa umareru kamo ne It doesn't matter if we don't have a name for our dream yet kono yume no namae wa mada wakaranakute ii It doesn't matter if we don't have a name for our dream yet
Miraculous light... a Miracle Aura.
Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika
Mirai!
Mirai.
Mirai-chan!
Mirai here.
Mirai is at once both an irreplaceable Friend and also my rival.
Mirai is at once my irreplaceable Friend as well as my rival.
Mirai! Karen!
Mirai loves being here and comes often.
Mirai made mugendai da!
Mirai miracle!
Mirai-san!
Mirai-san?
Mirai-san?!
Mirai-san.
Mirai-san...
Mirai-san actually came to me with a direct request...
Mirai-san actually came to me with a request...
Mirai-san already told us about it.
Mirai-san also said that there was something she's been hooked on lately, so she used that as the motif for this.
Mirai-san, am I allowed to cry now?
Mirai-san and Karen-san.
Mirai-san, do you ever fight with Karen-san?
Mirai-san, good luck!
Mirai-san has high hopes for her...
Mirai-san has so many things that I don't.
Mirai-san, I can't take another step!
Mirai-san, I'll keep on working hard in this dress I love so much!
Mirai-san, it's me.
Mirai-san, it's nice to see you again.
Mirai-san, I wanted to talk about what the director said earlier.
Mirai-san, Karen-san.
Mirai-san! Karen-san!
- Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Speaking - Speaking - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Speaking - Speaking - Speaking - Speaking - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Speaking - Speaking - Speaking - Speaking - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Speaking - Speaking - Mirai-san - Mirai-san - Speaking - Speaking
Mirai-san, please provide your color commentary on what awaits the Friends here.
Mirai-san's back...
Mirai-san's Joker Garnet Coord.
Mirai-san's perfect rival?
Mirai-san, thank you for everything.
Mirai-san told us that if we can find the princess's shoe, the one that fits my right foot, we could get to the stage.
- Mirai-san told us that if we could find the princess's shoe, the one that fit my right foot, we could get to the stage.
- Mirai-san told us that if we could find the princess's shoe, the one that fits my right foot, we'd be taken to the stage.
Mirai-san, training!
Mirai-san, what's that rock?
Mirai-san, why aren't we allowed to say Aikatsu?
Mirai-san, you promised to keep that secret!
Mirai's dress is a red that can set one's soul aflame.
Mirai's Miracle Audition And the auditions must be a huge project involving lots of companies.
Mirai's Miracle Audition is in the works!
- Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition It feels kind of strange.
- Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition - Mirai's Miracle Audition
Mirai's Mirai's Mirai's Asuka Mirai will be fully producing this Grand Prix.
Mirai, what is that?
Miss Yaohachi!
mitsubachi san kachuusha cute cute Chocolate and maple on my sweet sweet pancakes choco to meepuru sweet sweet no pankeeki Chocolate and maple on my sweet sweet pancakes choco to meepuru sweet sweet no pankeeki With a caramel macchiato going melt melt kyarameru makiaato melt melt With a caramel macchiato going melt melt
mitsuketa hi no you ni Like the first time she discovered Gemini swimming through that sea of darkness yami no umi wo oyogu gemini mitsuketa hi no you ni She was filled with the premonition her love would last but a single heartbeat hon no isshun de idaita koi wa kanawanai yokan ga shite
M-May I ask you a few questions?
M-Me too...
M-Middle school students!
M-Minato Mio-chan?!
M-Mio-chan?!
M-Mirai-san?
M-Mirai-san...
M-My most meaningful confession was from...
Modeling for a fashion show?
Mom and Dad are still asleep.
Mom, I'll be fine on my own now, so you can go to work.
Mom is sorry too.
Mom makes jewelry and such as a fashion designer.
Mommy, can we go play outside?
Momone?
Momone-chan?
Momone-chan?!
Momone-chan, if you're that interested, would you like to help us with some practice?
Momone-chan, if you're that interested, would you like to help with some practice?
Momone-chan, that was very brave of you.
Momone, get back here!
Momone! Mom's gonna get mad if you do that without permission.
Momone totally messed up the show.
Momone, what do you think you're doing in here?
Momone won't stop bugging me to read it for her.
Momone, you're too close.
Mom, we got airmail from Dad!
Mom, we got an airmail from Dad!
Monsieur Zack Baran! Why are you here?
MONTHLY Idol Magazine Two Covers In A Row Two Covers In A Row Special: Aikatsu starting from Zero!
Moon dance with a one-two moon." What is it? Stop staring at me with that pitying look in your eyes!
Moon, guide me by your light tonight.
Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Audition Site - Audition Site - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Lead/Theme Song Audition - Lead/Theme Song Audition
Moon Maiden...
Moon rabbits are as big as Earth horses.
Moon rabbits are really huge!
Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event
moon - tsukiyo no kage - The shadow of the moon - tsukiyo no kage Need not to present as anything else aru ga mama ni areba ii Need not to present as anything else aru ga mama ni areba ii Need not to present as anything else aru ga mama ni areba ii
Moon, why must such tribulations befall her?
More!
More.
More...
More about this Aikatsu my sister was willing to go to such lengths to conceal.
More and more datta yumerii goo randa More and more datta yumerii goo randa - Every new thing I learn about you is another new thing I learn about me - Every new thing I learn about you is another new thing I learn about me - Shiranai kimi to aeta kara shiranai watashi to aeru yo - shiranai kimi to aeta kara shiranai watashi to aeru yo
More and more rival Friends keep on popping up.
More brilliantly than anyone else!
More importantly, I had no idea the admin of Dark Side of the Moon was an idol.
More importantly, I had no idea the admin of Dark Side of the Moon was even an idol.
- More importantly, I'm amazed the book has that many details.
More importantly, our fans were jumping out of their seats to see Honey Cat back in action.
More importantly, shouldn't you be focusing entirely on overcoming the trials laid before you first?
More importantly, shouldn't you focus on the trials in front of you first?
More importantly, why did you just say that in public! It was supposed to be our secret!
More importantly, why not worry about yourself for once?
More pop?
- More pressingly, she continues to avert her eyes from Aikatsu.
More specifically, what do you mean?
More strongly than anyone!
more - takamare! shinjitemite yo motto - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto - Raise it up high! Believe and just
More than anything, we want to meet as many fans as possible.
More time together...
More worryingly, Alicia still continues to avert her eyes from Aikatsu.
- More worryingly, Alicia still continues to turn away from Aikatsu..
Morning!
Morning.
Morning...
Morning, Aine!
Morning, Aine.
Morning, Aine. How are you feeling?
Morning, Mio!
Morning, Mio.
Morning, Mio-chan.
Morning. Uh, what's with all this?
Most girls in our generation looked up to Love Me Tear.
Most of all, that Friends Appeal unlike anything I've seen before.
Most of all, that Friends Appeal was unlike anything I've seen before.
Most of the entire year is winter!
Most of the other write-ins are about that as well.
Most people can't tell us apart the first time we meet.
Most people get nervous in front of a crowd, but I'm glad you're still your usual self.
Most people would say they're nervous as that, but I'm relieved you're not feeling the pressure.
mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend
mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo
mote kedakasa kizami kome kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity just like this diamond May they last until eternity
Mother!
Mother.
Mother! Mother!
Mother taught it to me as a child.
Mother was bedridden by a serious illness.
Motivated, soothed, contemplative.
motto motto motto motto motto More more more more more motto motto motto motto motto Higher higher higher higher higher ue ni ue ni ue ni ue ni ue ni Higher higher higher higher higher ue ni ue ni ue ni ue ni ue ni Let's go, let's go, let's
mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Don't be afraid of anything, head into the distance mou shinpai nai yo ano mukou e Though it seems so fleeting kiesou na mono wo Though it seems so fleeting kiesou na mono wo Don't just clasp your hands and pray douka to negau yori mo
- Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de - Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no
Move heaven and earth with your will tenchi yurugasu ishi de Move heaven and earth with your will tenchi yurugasu ishi de Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future
- Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room - Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon
- Movie - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Audition Waiting Room You're shy around strangers?
Movie Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon Lead and Theme Song Idol Audition Venue 4F Special Interview Room It says it's on the fourth floor.
Moving on, we'll be interviewing Pure Palette next.
Moving on, we'll interview Pure Palette.
Moving right along, let's introduce all the participating Friends!
Moving right along, our first guests on Pure Palette's Friend Record TV are naturally Love Me Tear.
Moving right along, the first guests in the Pure Palette era of Friend Record TV are Love Me Tear.
Moving to the next scene!
MT2!
MT2?
Much... mush...
mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end
mugendai ni owari nanka nai That's right! This is Aikatsu!
Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord I'm Coco!
mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Biri Biri shibirete Hiri Hiri mune ga atsukunatte Dancin' - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can
Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen
Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen Musical Chairs Queen The event's off to a good start.
must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian Children under 12 must be accompanied by a guardian
Muster up... the will.
My!
My ad-libbing ability is weak...
My Aikatsu is no longer mine alone.
My Aikatsu with Ema is really burning up!
My Aikatsu with Ema is really heating up!
My answer remains the same.
My apologies, how rude of me.
My apologies. You see, I'm a designer myself.
My Aqua Palette Coord and Aine's Bloom Palette Coord.
My artist blood is burning!
My artist blood stirs!
My auditions and her ambassador work are Aikatsu in that vein.
My bad!
My beloved Aine-chan and Mio-chan!
my big bang.
My big bang.
My blood is boiling like never before!
My body's all steamy.
My... brilliance!
My chance!
My cheering friends and dress gave me power!
My color, be brilliant!
My, come on in.
My company is hosting an event to promote our cat food.
My concert was only successful because of you, my classmates, and a lot of other people.
My dad is a designer. His work usually keeps him abroad.
My... determination.
My directorial debut will be The Rising of Harukaze Wakaba!
My divination is accurate.
My divination will change your lives.
My dream has come true at long last.
My dream has only just come true at long last.
My dream is to become friends with everyone in the world.
My dream is to make a million friends!
My dream is to make a million friends.
My dress is designed in a cute marine style.
My dress is the Diamond Angel Coord.
My dress, the Multispectral Coord, represents everyone working together to create a single show.
My dress, the Multispectral Coord, represents working together to make a complete show.
My faint twinkle will get lost in the sea of lights.
My family has seven people, so 365 times 7 equals...
My family helped out too, and it was a huge success.
My... feelings?
My first time in a drama, they told me that if nothing else, I had to memorize all the lines.
My foot is in terrible pain.
My foot suddenly shot through with pain.
My friend.
My Friend Album started off blank too, but now it's full of friends!
My Friend Album started off blank too, but now it's full of my friends!
My Friends can only be with Aine!
My Friend's name is Alicia.
My Friends unit with Mio-chan, Pure Palette, is currently on break.
My goal is to be a muse.
My goal is to be called the most overpoweringly brilliant idol unit...
My goal is to be in the idol unit that shines above all...
My goal is to make a million friends!
My goal's to make a million friends!
My grandma said that in this era of convenience stores, ghosts wander around 24/7 non-stop!
My grandma said that in this era of convenience stores, ghosts wander around 24/7 without a break!
My grandma said that unlike the olden days, ghosts wander around 24/7 non-stop!
My grandma said that unlike the olden days, ghosts wander around 24/7 non-stop now!
My greatest happiness in life is to watch you shine.
My greatest happiness is being able to watch you shine.
My greatest happiness is to watch you shine.
My head is spinning from this delicious buffet!
My heart betrays me.
My heart danced, my pulse raced, and my blood burned at the very sight.
My heart is burning.
My heart is on fire!
My heart is on fire taking this all in.
- My heart is on fire trying to take this in.
- My heart is on fire with emotion.
My heart is still racing.
- My heart's beating uncontrollably!
My heart's on fire!
My heart swings with the passing seasons.
My heart was racing too!
My heart wavers with the passing seasons.
My, hello! I'm Aine's mother.
My hype meter is through the roof!
My ideal brand.
My Ideal Brand My Ideal Brand My Ideal Brand Penguin Cafe Mister Penguin, bye-bye!
My ideal Friends...
My ignorance was no excuse for inviting her so incessantly.
My immediate family is my dad, mom, older sister, older brother, younger sister, and younger brother.
My instinct is never wrong.
My, it sounds like you're excited for it.
My, it's Reflect Moon's manager, Hariu-san.
My lack of knowledge was no excuse for inviting her so incessantly.
My lacrosse camp starts tomorrow...
My lifelong dream has finally come true.
My little brother often catches them to show me, plus we've got a kitchen garden, so I'm just used to them.
My Mom and Dad are usually out of the house on business, so I always eat alone.
My mom taught me that chicken breast is good for curing fatigue.
My mom taught me that chicken breast was good for curing fatigue.
My mother's flavor I remember so well from my childhood...
My motivation in Aikatsu comes from all my fans and friends.
My name is Alicia Charlotte.
My name is Alicia Charlotte, and I have recently restarted my Aikatsu.
My name is Byakuya.
My name is Harukaze Wakaba.
My name is Noto Kagami.
My name is Shirayuri Kaguya.
My name is Yuuki Aine.
My name is Yuuki Aine. Good luck today!
My name's Yuuki Aine!
My newest friend is the festival-loving dance master idol, Chouno Maika-chan.
My new friend Paparazzi-san helped me realize that was what we needed.
My only Friend...
My only wish is to convey these feelings to all who see this dress.
My own... ability?
My own... talents?
My power to Aikatsu comes from all my fans and friends.
My present to you is kind of embarrassing, but they're my first song lyrics ever.
My princess, it is time for you to awaken.
My radiance alone is still far from reaching the full moon's!
My radiance is still far from reaching the full moon's!
my rivals!
My room is next door, so please don't hesitate to call for me if you need any assistance.
My Rosé Cheerful Coord.
My Rosé Heroic Coord.
myself - massugu tsudzuiteiku miushinaisou demo Keeping on unfalteringly even if I lose sight of myself massugu tsudzuiteiku miushinaisou demo Keeping on unfalteringly even if I lose sight of myself massugu tsudzuiteiku miushinaisou demo I will go on collecting all the pieces of the me that only I can be
My show was a huge success, and then...
My solo live?!
My Soul Destiny Coord's got plenty of hearts too, but the soul-burning red is what makes it cunique!
My soul is dancing, and I feel young again in my old age!
My souvenir wish list!
My stars, is it true that Alicia-sama was once involved in Aikatsu?
Mysterious... realm?
Mystery!
- Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour - Mystery Tour Mystery tour?
Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - DAY - DAY - DAY - DAY - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge -
Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - DAY - DAY - DAY - DAY - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy
My strengths are...
My Style Dress is unique for its cherry-red color.
My, that's rather cold of you.
My third time starring in a ChocoMint Macaron commercial featured boys confessing their love to girls for Valentine's.
My training is still lacking.
My unforgettable first page!
My unrefined jewel disappeared!
My unrefined jewel suddenly appeared, then it glowed brilliantly, and was finally reborn into a Jeweling Dress.
My very own Best Friend!
My will to never lose is stronger than everyone else, I'll never give up makenai kimochi dare ni datte makenai akiramenai My will to never lose is stronger than everyone else, I'll never give up makenai kimochi dare ni datte makenai akiramenai Comeback victory gyakuten shouri Comeback victory gyakuten shouri
My work as a stylist is important too, but making dresses with you is just as important.
My work schedule always interfered, so I've never been on one.
- Nacchan117 Aine-chan delivering a lost item... #Aine-chan #ldolEvent #Unbelievable mame Eh, in the rain?! naka_moto For real, that's unbelievable mint2018 Kind of inappropriate, but she's cute even when she's wet houji-cha I went to that event too. It was so much fun~ takuto☆ She was so friendly I want to keep supporting her Oto1 I get you~ She's just so reassuring honey525 How could I not fall in love?! saorin1212 The whole event is about showing herself off. You just have to see it, you'll totally get hooked!
Nailing a Friends Appeal in your Best Friends Rare Dresses.
Nako!
Nako-chan!
Nako-chan is doing Aikatsu in Nagoya, right?
- Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu!
Nako-chan really clicked with a girl she met at an event.
Nako-chan really clicked with a girl she met while at an event.
Nako-chan, you came all the way from Nagoya by yourself?
Nako Nico Collection!
Nako, your Nagoya's slipping out.
nanimo kikazu sotto mawasu dake Deafly rotating smoothly far above our heads nanimo kikazu sotto mawasu dake - The fire of the sun - taiyou no hi - The fire of the sun - taiyou no hi - The fire of the sun - taiyou no hi - The shadow of the moon - tsukiyo no kage - The shadow of the
nante hitotsu mo nai Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai You say you cannot shine in such a cheap world?
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord Art Revolution Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord Blanc Plume Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord Bloom Palette Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord Bright Moonlight Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord Brilliant Matinee Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord Diamond Angel Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord Diamond Dream Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord Diamond Wish Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord Happiness Gift Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord Happy Revolution Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord Love Destiny Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord Multispectral Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai One Year Later One Year Later One Year Later I'm off!
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord
nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord
Nante tokubetsu na keshiki darou Color spreads out to the horizon hora ichimen irodoru Color spreads out to the horizon hora ichimen irodoru Even the most shy of souls shai na kokoro mo hora Even the most shy of souls shai na kokoro mo hora Would be colored in curiosity
Nante tokubetsu na keshiki darou Isn't this scenery just breathtaking?
National treasures?
- Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu!
- Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk - Nako-chan - Nako-chan - Aikatsu! - Kasumi-chan - Aine - Ricchan - Natsuko-chan - The girl from Girly Girly's reception desk Nako-chan Nako-chan Aikatsu!
Natural how?
Naturally...
Naturally, how much I want us to be Friends again.
Naturally, that would be the case.
Naturally, that would be the result.
Naturally, we will accommodate your schedule.
Navigate us to the stadium, Coco-chan!
Navigate us to the venue, Coco-chan!
Nay, it's impossible!
necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements
necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics Consider the audience in the very back too Use abdominal breathing Use eyes to communicate with fans Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics
Necks!
Need a drink?
Need only to observe boukan shitereba ii Need only to observe boukan shitereba ii Need only to observe boukan shitereba ii Resonating within all life, a synchro harmony kinsen ni fureru shinkuro haamonii Resonating within all life, a synchro harmony kinsen ni fureru shinkuro haamonii Resonating within all life, a synchro harmony
negau yori mo ima sugu ni koko e...
Neither can I.
Neither did I! I guess the special interview you mentioned is with Love Me Tear.
Neither did I! I guess the special interview you mentioned was with Love Me Tear.
- Neither did you!
Neither will I!
Neither will we!
Nemurenai yoru wo ikutsu mo sugoshite - Have you been hiding your loneliness behind a brave face?
Nemurenai yoru wo ikutsu mo sugoshite - Have you been hiding your loneliness behind a brave face? - Kokorobososa wo kijou ni kakushiteta?
Nemurenai yoru wo ikutsu mo sugoshite How many nights have you simply lain awake in bed?
Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord I'm Coco!
Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord Neo Combination Coord I'm the Aikatsu Navi, Coco!
Nervous? Even though you're Friends?
Neve! Neige! Schnee! You are not to do Aikatsu!
Never!
Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know
Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe kotae wa tatta hitotsu kitto
Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu
Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Never end itsumo kawaranai shinjitsu Believe, there's only one answer, you know Believe, there's only one answer, you know
Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same Never end, the truth will always be the same
Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes
Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo
Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo "You're not alone!" "hitori janai!" We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita On the canvas that continues even now koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni
Never mind, it's nothing.
Never mind, just speaking to myself.
New Aikatsu and new friends!
New Brand Stylish girl First Makeup Lesson Hairstyle Collection Special Advice Nu-uh, no way! Not happening!
New design Special!
New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science Aren't you practicing your singing and dancing too?
New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2
- New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2 Five Subject Training - Year 2 Five Subject Training - New Edition Year 2 Simply Explained Science - Year 2
New Friends!
New lights keep glimmering into existence in Aikatsu.
Newspaper...
News Site News Site Reflect Moon Formation!!
New students, congratulations on making it here.
- New trends this year! - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this
- New trends this year! - New trends this year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special - Reflect Moon Special - 10 ways to make friends with bats - 10 ways to make friends with bats - New trends this year! - Goth loli
Next...
Next, act like you're on a space walk.
Next, don't look at me to match our steps.
Next entry, please.
- Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results - Kobayakawa Kozue - Results - PASS - Next Idol Audition - Round 2 Results
Next is aikido.
Next is Baby Pirates!
Next is cut 42, where Fly crashes into the wall over and over.
Next is filming Mirai-san's performance.
Next is getting your song and dance ready.
Next is the dress design competition.
Next is your singing. Don't change the timing of your breaths.
- Next, please act like you're doing a space walk.
- Next, please perform a space walk.
Next, please present your answers, Honey Cat.
Next, Pure Palette.
Next time on Aikatsu Friends!
- Next Time: The Moon Idol Shirayuri Sisters' Mysterious Home Revealed?!
Next Time: The Moon Idol Shirayuri Sisters' Mysterious Home Revealed?!
Next time we meet will be on opposite ends of a stage!
Next time, we're definitely not going to lose!
Next up are Minato Mio-chan and Yuuki Aine-chan in...
Next up, a trending AiTube video of a splendid production of Cinderella by idols!
Next up for the Red Team is Chouno Maika-chan.
Next up is filming Mirai-san's performance.
Next up is Honey Cat!
Next up is Kamishiro Karen!
Next up is Mio's performance.
Next up is the last performance for day one, Honey Cat.
Next up is the lead hitter for the Red Team, the mysterious idol from the moon, Shirayuri Kaguya-chan.
Next up is the leadoff hitter for the Red Team, the mysterious idol from the moon, Shirayuri Kaguya-chan.
- Next up is the "What's that craze?" segment.
Next up is us, Pure Palette.
Next up, Maika. Please enter.
Next up! Mio-chan, take it away!
Next up, please show us your best squee!
Next up, the choreography!
Next up we'll introduce you all to a splendid Cinderella play by idols as well as the trending video on AiTube that goes with it!
Next week we'll be back to you again with the very same guests.
Next, we have a performance from Hinata Ema-chan of the White Team.
Next you should work on improving your articulation.
Next, you should work on improving your articulation.
- Nice!
Nice!
Nice and simple.
Nice greeting.
Nice idea!
Nice, I like it! Let's go, let's go!
Nice! I wasn't expecting to see a Miracle Appeal today.
Nice jump!
Nice kick, Maika!
Nice, let's do it all!
Nice million dollar smile!
Nice, nice! Let's use a cat design!
Nice one!
Nice one, Ema-chan. We got some nice footage.
- Nice one, nice one, make every chance count! - Yoki yoki aru yo wanchan!
Nice service smile!
Nice spirit! It's no fun unless you're serious about taking us down.
Nice, that's it!
Nice, that's the way!
Nice timing!
Nice to meet you!
Nice to meet you, Aine-chan!
Nice to meet you! I'm Manami Marin.
Nice to meet you! I'm Mirai.
Nice to meet you! I'm Yuuki Aine!
Nice to meet you. My name is Alicia Charlotte.
Nice to meet you. We're called Honey Cat.
Nice try!
Nice! You totally set the fest on fire!
Nico!
Nico.
Nico said she had something to take care of...
Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord Night Dream Fantasy Coord I'm Coco!
Ninja?!
Ninja hide in the shadows of history.
N-Next is definitely left!
N-Nice to meet you!
N-Nice to meet you.
N-N-Not yet!
N-No.
N-No, it was so many years ago I don't have the slightest inkling.
N-No, thank you!
N-Nothing.
N-Nothing...
N-Not really.
N-Not really...
N-Now a right?
N-No, why would you think that?
N-Now then, it's time for a song!
No!
No.
No...
Noa...
No! Again!
No, Aine earned her spot with all of the hard work she's put into Aikatsu.
No! Aine said she had the whole day off today!
No, Alicia was busy, and I'd feel bad stopping her...
No, although I did have a few failures.
No amount of words would be enough.
Noa-san?
Noa-san...
No, beats me.
No biggie! Just bring it on!
Nobody!
Nobody can ever take her place.
Nobody can extinguish the passion that burns deep within the depths of your heart.
Nobody can know them without becoming a fan. That's Love Me Tear!
Nobody else is around.
Nobody's around.
No, but since we're early, I want to walk the rest of the way.
No can do. You'll have to wait for the curtains to be drawn.
No clue...
No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai
No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise No compromise dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai dakyou wa nai
Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord Nocturne Night Coord I'm Coco!
No dress, no life!
No fair! I wanna make Wakaba-chan my little sister too!
No fair, Schnee!
No fair, Shune!
No, forget what I said!
No good at all.
No, her current work is running over.
No, her skill was beyond even that.
No, her work is running long.
No, Hibiki!
No, I can't do this!
No idea. They were already like this when I got here.
No idea. They were already like this when I got here Let's change the party location.
No, I didn't mean it like that!
No, I do Aikatsu because I like to sing and dance.
No, I don't mean like that.
No, I have no interest in that.
No, I have yet to even form Friends.
No, I know how capable Charles is.
No, I'll choose the flowers that give me a spark!
No, I'll refrain.
No, I'm just reflecting on my mistakes.
No, I'm not tired at all!
No, I'm pretty sure that not the kind of dramatic I'm going for...
No, I'm sure we'll make it happen!
No, I'm sure we'll make one! Our big bang!
No, I'm the one who forgot I was making Friends dresses and tried to finish everything by myself.
No, I'm the one who lost.
No, I owe it all to you!
No, I still have a long way to go.
No, I still need time to pick up the passports!
No, I think it's very like you.
No, it's an iconic building block of Aikatsu lore!
No, it's Habarazzi.
No, it's not just me.
No, it's reached legendary status in the history of Aikatsu!
No, it was more than that.
No, it wasn't mistaken.
No, it wasn't wrong.
No, just forget that!
No, just the opposite.
No, like a penguin on ice!
No, like this! Ta-tan, tan!
No matter how dangerous this race is...
No matter how glorious the sights, without you I might as well have been blind.
No matter how hard I try, it's impossible to become Diamond Friends by myself.
No matter how long, we never run out of things to say.
No matter how many designs I draw, none of them give me a spark.
No matter how many designs I make, none of them give me a spark.
No matter how many times I reread the tale of our Friends formation, I still find it splendid.
No matter how much effort I put in, I couldn't be like you.
No matter how much you train, there's a limit to your own power.
No matter how scary something seemed, you've always blasted through with all your might!
No matter how tough it gets, I'll work hard at both Aikatsu and lacrosse!
No matter, I like saving the best for last anyway.
No matter the era, greetings are the foundation of Aikatsu.
No matter what.
No matter what happens, I want to make it through with a smile!
No matter what happens to us, we'll always be together, won't we?
No matter what, Love Me Tear will always be my ideal Friends.
No matter what secrets may be revealed...
No matter what stands in our way...
No matter what stands in your way, you plunge forward straight towards your dream.
No matter what trials they'll face going forward, I'm sure they'll be able to make it through.
No matter what walls stand in their way, those two would never run away.
No matter where it is, bring it on!
No matter who he asked, every idol balked at taking on the responsibility of replacing Love Me Tear.
No matter who you are or where you live!
No, maybe even better!
No, maybe even more!
No, maybe even slightly higher.
No, maybe "From now on we're going to train every day for Pure Palette"?
No, maybe one slightly higher.
No need to apologize! I just popped in for lunch and wanted to support you on the side.
No need to apologize! I just wanted to pop in during lunch to show my support.
No need to fear!
No need to feel guilty.
No need to fret about that.
No need to worry. I'll get started with a few ideas of my own.
None of them have any experience.
None of these will create a big bang.
None of these will let us make a big bang.
No, no!
No, no, no!
No, not at all. In fact, we're happy you made time to come and see us.
No, not even here!
No, not just me.
No, no way! Not happening!
No objections, then?
No, of all things, why call yourself a princess of our enemy's planet?
No, of course she can't.
No one gave them a chance, but with this they may have done it!
Nope!
Nope! I was a bit surprised, but I agreed with a bring it on!
Nope! I was a bit surprised, but I just said "bring it on"!
Nope, I wasn't just watching.
Nope, I wonder what she's like.
No, please accept the job.
No, please do.
No problem.
No quite. I came to see you two.
Nor are we together with no-one else futari kiri de mo nakute Because everyone is here with us minna issho ni iru kara Because everyone is here with us minna issho ni iru kara Because everyone is here with us minna issho ni iru kara We've got more than a dozen paints
Norikoechaou sono saki wa zettai ni bazuri kakutei!
Normally, I design fashion and jewelry separately.
Normally you'd know better than to shake her up right before a show.
No, she cannot!
No, she's not usually like this...
No, show them a stage that exceeds their wildest dreams!
- no signal - no signal No signal...
No, ski!
No, stop! Let me go!
Not a chance!
Not a chance. It's too dangerous with the blizzard on the way.
Not a chance. You'll spoil your appetite.
Not a horse-drawn carriage?
Not answering!
Not anywhere!
Not a problem.
Not a single day has passed since our parting that I haven't thought of you.
Not at all!
Not at all.
Not at all. Every person I work with is top class.
Not at all. I believe you skillfully wove together the events as efficiently as possible.
Not at all, I'm just saying that you're mature and experienced as an idol.
Not at all! I'm totally fine!
Not at all. I'm totally fine.
Not at all! Thanks for all the advice.
Not at all. You've deftly woven a program to make the most efficient use of our limited time.
Not at the moment... but forming a Friends unit with someone is to bind your Aikatsu together.
Not at the moment... but forming a Friends unit with someone means to bind your Aikatsu together.
- Not bad!
Not bad!
Not bad, Aine-chan.
Not bad! But now it's my turn!
Not bad considering how recently you started.
Not bad considering how recently you transferred in.
- Not bad! - Not bad!
- Not bad! - Not bad! - Not bad! - Not bad!
Not being able to see you in movies or magazines makes me sad." Well, don't let it get you down. Not landing many gigs is normal for new idols.
Notes Jeweling Festival Participants ・ Pure Palette ・ Love Me Tear ・ Honey Cat ・ Reflect Moon ・ Wakaba-chan They're guaranteed to bring the hype!
- Notes on a music staff - A ribbon base with frills They're all lovely!
Not even Aine could hide the strained look on her face.
Not even a little!
Not even close! Watch and learn.
Not even Mio-chan!
Not even you...
"Not found". So she's unable to be located?
"Not found". So she was unable to be located?
Not half bad.
No, thank you!
No, that doesn't fit my character.
No, that's against my character.
No, that's why they're the absolute monarchs, Love Me Tear!
- No, that's why they're the invincible champions, Love Me Tear!
- No, that's why they're the unbeatable champions, Love Me Tear!
No, the alternative is worse.
No, the citizens are looking forward to it.
No, there's no way that's possible.
No, the whole universe to do Spacekatsu!
No, the world, and the entire universe as the greatest top idols of all time!
No, they're all missing something.
No, they're there.
No, they will show you a stage to exceed your wildest dreams!
Nothing beats a warm bath you can take your time enjoying.
Nothing bests sugar at beating exhaustion.
Nothing comes to mind.
Nothing could be more magical!
- Nothing could make me happier than being able to improve as an idol with such incredible Friends!
- Nothing could make me happier than honing my idol skills alongside such incredible Friends!
Nothing quite gets the blood flowing like seeing the youngsters.
Nothing's coming to mind.
Nothing to it...
Nothing to it but to do it.
Nothing we do is a lie!
Nothing would make me happier.
- Notice Due to rain, the afternoon portion of the fan meeting has been cancelled.
Not if it makes you run from the camera!
Not in my divination of us beating Love Me Tear.
Not just anybody could do that.
Not just caught it, but they've all got my attention.
- Not just us! We couldn't possibly dig a tunnel through all that cream by ourselves.
Not just us! We couldn't possibly dig a tunnel through that mountain of cream by ourselves.
Not like that!
- Not much of a diamond to me!
Noto Kagami-kun!
Not one or the other, but both!
Not only did she enhance Love Me Tear, she left a strong impression of her own as well.
Not only does it distress Alicia-sama, it attempts to seduce even my daughters.
Not only does it distress Alicia-sama, it even attempts to seduce my daughters.
Not only that, but her Emerald Jeweling Dress appeared as well.
Not quite. I came to see you two.
Not ready to reform.
not ready to restart.
Not really, I just wanted to talk.
Not telling!
Not that I think you'll ever be able to catch me.
Not the other way around?
Not to mention...
Not to mention I never expected you to bust us because Penne would never say something like that.
Not to mention I never expected you to bust us by knowing Penne would never say something like that.
Not to mention it's packed perfectly!
Not to mention, it's packed perfectly!
Not to mention that appeal...
Not to mention that Hibiki's Aikatsu should provide some good stimulation to Aine-chan and Mio-chan too.
Not to mention that you need to prepare for next week's Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix.
Not to mention, this Gankoyama Oniemon...
Not to mention you already had the name Reflect Moon prepared.
Not to mention your incredible performance.
Not to push herself?
Not to rush you, but I have your first job as high schoolers already lined up.
Not to rush you, but I have your first job as high schoolers lined up already.
Not yet...
Not yet, not quite...
Not your face, your head!
Now!
Now...
Now about the party...
Now Aine and I can aim for victory in the Brilliant Friends Cup!
No, wait!
Now all the idols of MT2 are together!
No way!
No way.
No way, a Premium Rare Dress?
No way! The real thing?
No way, you brought it all the way here yourself?
Now before we head off to a commercial break, a song.
Now, close your eyes.
Now, come down from the heavens!
Now come on, it's time to Aikatsu and give it all we've got!
Now come on, it's time to Aikatsu with all that we've got!
Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one
Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete
Now, dance as if you're one saa kasane awasete Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one
Now, descend from the heavens!
No, we can't have you getting lost again. I'll stick with you.
No, we just have to.
No, we should be careful with the machine and approach the finish line safely.
Now for question two!
Now for the half-time results!
Now get up! There's no time, so we've gotta start heating things up.
Now, go home.
Now go on and eat your fill.
No, what are we supposed to do now?
Now if you'll excuse us, we have to get going.
Now I get it.
Now I have another precious dress!
Now I have to know.
Now I have to work hard through all my lessons so I can make Chiharu-san's dress really shine!
Now, I hope everyone got a good look at our first contenders of the day.
Now I'll be able to go out and sing!
Now I'll be the one to make you smile in return for cheering me up!
Now I'm more curious.
Now I'm serious about going for Diamond Friends and becoming Mio-chan's rival!
Now is the time for us to show the people of Earth our true forms!
Now it makes sense.
Now it's a secret between Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan, and us four.
Now it's fifty-fifty!
Now it's like the Pucchin isn't bursting like it should...
Now it's like the Puchin isn't bursting like it should...
Now it's my turn to save a friend in need.
Now it's our turn.
Now it's time to trust me!
Now it's up to you to find your determination.
- Now it's up to you to muster up the will.
Now it's your turn.
Now it's your turn to go.
Now let's Aikatsu together!
Now, let's move on to Mio's Spark Coord Class.
Now, let's say it together!
Now, let's see how the Friends who stand against them will compare!
Now, let's see the Friends who stand against them!
Now my dream's finally come true.
Now my frienergy gauge is filled up!
Now my job as Love Me Tear's substitute...
Now nobody can possibly predict which will come out on top.
Now, now.
Now, now. How about we hold a making up party?
Now, off to Coco-chan's world!
No wonder Love Me Tear approves of him.
No wonder she's a Diamond Friend!
No wonder she's part of the unbeatable Love Me Tear.
No wonder they're the favorites to win.
Now, out with it!
Now, question one! Da-dun!
Now, since it's summer vacation and all, we'll show you what we mean with a fun little game.
Now since Mio and Ema lost, they have to do a grocery run!
Now's my chance.
Now, speaking of which...
Now's when we really get started.
Now swing the stick with all your might like a baseball bat!
Now taking applications for shinique stars of the next idol generation.
Now that I hear you say it, I was so single-minded about our Friends that I never talked about anything else.
Now that I'm hearing it, I was so single-minded about our Friends that I never talked about anything else.
Now that I'm here, it's time to get serious.
Now that I've found this, you'll be just fine!
Now that's new!
Now that's what I'm talking about.
Now that they've put their minds to it, I can't just sit still and do nothing as their manager.
Now that they've put their minds to it, it won't do if their manager sits around doing nothing.
Now that we know, there's no way those two won't be able to do it!
- Now that we're Friends, our goal is the top.
- Now that we're Friends, there is no limit.
Now that we're Friends, the sky is the limit.
Now that we're in high school, we've taken our Pure Palette Aikatsu to the next level.
Now that we're in the spirit...
Now that you are aware, I wish you all the best of luck.
Now that you mention it...
Now that you mention it, I did notice that my head felt a bit heavy, but I thought I was just sleepy.
Now that you mention it, it looks like a completely new place.
Now that you mention it, it looks like an unfamiliar city.
Now that you mention it, she's been unavailable a lot lately when I've asked for her.
Now that you mention it, she's been unavailable a lot recently, even when I ask for her.
Now that you're doing this, I'll provide you with my full support.
- Now that you've decided to become idols, you are all blank white palettes, as pure and fresh as can be.
Now that you've discovered my secret, your memory must be erased!
Now the announcement is out.
Now, the Friends enter their machines.
Now then.
Now then...
Now, then.
Now then, Aine seems settled in, so I should probably get going.
Now then, I'd like to get right to explaining the rules of this audition.
Now then, I'll be in your care, Senpai.
Now then, I'll be in your case, Senpai.
Now then, it's time for the exciting cheer battle.
Now then, keep in mind what I told you and turn this little girl into a lady.
Now then, let's-a go!
Now then, let's call up all the Friends competing in the Brilliant Friends Cup!
Now then, let's find you a dress that gives you a spark at first sight.
Now then, let's get started with the lead hitter for the White Team!
Now then, let's get started with the White Team's leadoff hitter!
Now then, let's see if a single unit can make it past Karen's brunique trials.
Now then, let's see if even a single unit can make it past Karen's brunique trials.
Now then, let us ask the moon.
Now then, Maika. For the next five years, I will have you devote all your time to Spacekatsu!
Now then, Mirai-san, we are just moments away from the start of the highly anticipated Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix.
Now then, off to do the rest.
Now then, Onee-san's up first.
Now then, today marks the one week anniversary of Pure Palette.
Now then, today marks the one-week anniversary of Pure Palette.
Now then, we're wasting daylight.
Now then, we should head home too.
Now then, we've got to head off too.
Now then, who has earned that honor this week?
Now then, who was it who said they wouldn't be able to relax with us hanging around?
Now the stage is set.
Now the word is out.
Now they're aiming for space, huh.
Now though, we're the greatest of friends.
Now, time for training!
Now to introduce our Best Friends Rare Dresses.
Now to unveil our Best Friends Rare Dresses.
Now turn right and walk for five seconds.
Now we're even.
Now we're guaranteed to have a great Jeweling Festival, don't you think?
Now we're really heating up!
Now we understand the problem.
Now what...
Now, what will you do?
Now you'll be able to make it there before the time limit!
Now you're both perfect.
Now you're just acting clueless!
Now you've done it!
Now you've said it.
No, you can't!
No, you won, Maika.
Ochatatetsubo Yakuyo-san descends!
Odorinagara Kakunosuke-san descends!
Of all the possible things...
- Of course!
Of course!
Of course.
Of course. And thank you for being such a good friend to Mio.
Of course, and thank you for coming.
Of course! Bring it on!
Of course! Come on, let's take out the rest!
Of course! Even ghosts are my friends.
Of course I am!
Of course, I'd love to!
Of course I do.
Of course! If you're fine with us, then bring it on!
Of course. I know you'll do me proud.
Of course I like it! I love it!
Of course, I'll be relying on that.
Of course, I'm ready to go.
Of course... I probably put too much on their plates.
Of course. It's quite a lot of fun.
Of course, I won't forget!
Of course. I won't forget!
Of course I would be! What kind of person could just ignore a friend in trouble?
Of course, jump on in.
Of course, let's train!
Of course, Mirai-san!
Of course not.
Of course not! "Dark Side of the Moon" is just referring to her divination site!
Of course not, please come!
Of course not. Please come!
- Of course. - Sure.
Of course, take it from me.
Of course, thank you!
Of course! Thank you for the meal!
Of course. The generous helpings of vegetables and meat melt together, drawing out all their flavors.
Of course there is! What kind of person could just ignore a friend in trouble?
Of course! There's no need to worry.
Of course! We believe!
Of course! We can do it, Aine.
Of course we did!
Of course, we'd love to have you!
Of course! We'd love to help you!
Of course we do.
Of course! We'll work hard to win and be the masters!
Of course we will! We're in it to win it!
Of course. When you come, I'll give you a tour.
Of course. When you come, I'll give you a tour around.
Of course! You can count on me.
Of course you have the right!
"Offer a song and dance to the heavens." A fest!
Of the moon! Never heard of it?
Of the moon! You've never seen it?
Of what?
Of what people think of you.
Oh!
Oh?
Oh.
Oh...
Oh, about that...
Oh! A Friends Appeal is that pose we pulled off during our performance, right?
Oh, Alicia-san's here.
Oh, and also! I could be like Ema-san with the pop and energetic Colorful Shake!
Oh, and I brought more souvenirs from home.
- Oh, and let's mention the track, consisting of one full loop around Karen Island.
Oh, and right.
Oh, and so, there's a favor I wanted to ask you.
Oh, and that's why we need to really practice them so that we don't mess up.
Oh, and that's why we really need to practice so we don't mess up.
Oh, and you can't forget the newly made circuit making one full loop around Karen Island.
- Oh, and you can't forget the special circuit making one full loop around Karen Island.
Oh, are you watching Honey Cat's show?
Oh, but...
Oh, but in exchange, you can use your free time however you want.
Oh, but now that I got a version upgrade, I'm better at using an abacus, I can name almost all the prefecture capitals, and I can tell right from left without needing to hold chopsticks!
Oh, but should I really be starting off in such a large arena?
Oh, but that doesn't mean I've stopped looking up to them.
Oh, but today, I made my first idol friend!
Oh, but wait, what will Hibiki-san and Alicia-san be doing?
Oh, but you can use your free time however you want.
Oh, come on! I have no idea what I'm supposed to do!
Oh, come on in.
Oh, coming!
Oh, did you think I'd just let you walk there?
Oh, Ema-chan?
Oh, fine. We'll let you off there.
Oh, forgive me.
Oh, good morning!
Oh good, what a relief.
Oh, hey! Do you mind if I upload pics of you too?
Oh, Hibiki-san!
Oh, how reassuring. That's our leader.
Oh, how the moon gleams through the hazy night air...
Oh, how wonderful!
Oh, I almost forgot! There was something I meant to ask Mio-chan!
Oh, I beg you, Kaguya-oneesama!
Oh, I can't take this!
Oh, if it isn't Aine-chan.
Oh, if it isn't Momone-chan.
Oh, I got a spark.
- Oh, I just remembered! One of the fan letters I got had a request written in it.
Oh, I know! I'll upload a pic to Friendgram.
Oh, I know! I'll upload a pic to Friendsta.
Oh, I know. I've got something nice for you, Momone-chan.
Oh, I like these sleeves the most!
Oh, I'll get it.
Oh, I'll help you out.
Oh, I'm so sorry!
Oh, I see how it is. Looks like last time was just a fluke.
Oh, I see... Well, I do suppose that she's in college now.
Oh, is this from your first day at Star Harmony Academy?
Oh, it looks like they understood one another.
Oh, it's a little bit wet.
Oh, it's nothing.
Oh, it's nothing...
Oh, it sounds like you have high hopes for whoever it is.
Oh, I was just thinking about what's next for us after our world tour.
Oh, I was just thinking about what we're going to do after the world tour.
Oh, Karen-san and Mirai-san.
Oh, Kazune. Bring these over.
Oh man, I'm so nervous.
Oh, me! How about as chocolates that you give to your friends?
Oh, Mio-chan?
Oh, Mio-chan.
Oh, Mio. Good to see you again.
Oh my.
Oh my god, it's Alicia-chan!
Oh my god, you're too funny!
Oh my gosh, it's the best!
Oh my gosh, Mio! We just learned a crazy secret!
Oh my, you are? Are you good on time?
Oh no!
Oh no...
Oh no, are you okay?
Oh no, don't be!
Oh no, don't mind me.
Oh no, I forgot!
Oh no! I have no idea what I'm supposed to say on such short notice.
Oh no, I'm getting soaked.
Oh no... I'm suddenly feeling really anxious.
Oh no... I'm suddenly feeling really nervous.
Oh no, it's nothing at all!
Oh no, they got into a fight!
Oh no! This time I forgot about that part!
Oh no! This time I forgot about that part.
Oh no... We Aikatsued...
Oh no, we're going to lose at this rate!
Oh no, what happened?
Oh no, when did you take that?
Oh, now I see.
Oh, oh! It's gonna be me!
Oh, oh! Question, question!
Oh, please feel free!
Oh please, that was little more than nonsense I made up on the...
Oh, right.
Oh, right! I heard these highlands are also a popular winter resort location.
Oh, right! I heard this area's also a popular winter resort location.
Oh, right. It was in today's program.
Oh, right. It was written in today's program.
- Oh, right! One of the fan letters I got had a request in it.
Oh, right. Since you're here, I'd like to get your input too.
Oh, right. Since you're here, I'd like to hear any opinions you have too.
Oh, right. There's one more thing that changed that you need to be aware of.
Oh, right. There's one more thing that's changed now that you're Diamond Friends.
Oh shoot!
Oh, something the matter?
Oh, sorry about that!
Oh, sorry! Were we too loud?
Oh, sorry. What was that?
Oh, so that's why...
Oh! Speaking of Karen-san...
Oh, stuff it! I don't want to hear that from someone who never gains weight.
Oh, sure.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, thank you very much.
Oh! That abbreviation of Manager Tamaki-san's Team!
Oh, that. For some reason, I was holding it when I woke up this morning.
Oh, that's all?
Oh? That's a rather telling reaction.
Oh, that's harder than I expected.
Oh, that's no forest.
Oh, that's right!
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's right, I never did tell you.
Oh, the dark side of the moon.
Oh, then could you help us cut up the veggies over here?
Oh! Then you really are Paparazzi-san.
Oh! The Pacific Ocean!
Oh, there she is!
Oh, these! I wore this on stage last time.
Oh, these? We're having our fans sign them.
Oh, this is my first audition ever!
Oh, this one!
Oh, this photo...
Oh, uh, well...
Oh, um!
Oh, um, that's the wrong side...
Oh, unrefined jewel!
Oh, unrefined jewel! From whence will you come?
Oh, us, that's the wrong side...
Oh, wait!
Oh, wait! I'm Aine!
Oh, weren't you...
Oh, we scrapped that yesterday.
Oh? What's going on?
Oh? What's wrong, girls?
Oh yeah, fans are friends too.
Oh yeah, I completely forgot about myself.
Oh yeah? Well when Aine was little, she said she was going to marry her Onii-chan.
Oh, yeah! Why don't you tag along and hang out with us?
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes.
Oh yes, Alicia-chan.
Oh yes, and I have this for you.
Oh! Yes, of course.
Oh, yes. Your combination with the Macaron Folk Dance was outstanding as well.
Oh, you!
Oh? You know how to use computers?
Oh? You know who I am?
Oh, you mean how I stole you from a famous producer or whatever?
Oh, you mean in the Kamishiro Karen Series, Volume 4 chapter 6, Birth of a Legend?
Oh, you mean in the Kamishiro Karen Series, Volume IV, Chapter 6, Birth of a Legend?
Oh, you mean that thing about how I stole you from a global producer or whatever?
Oh, you must be Aine-chan.
Oh, you must be the girl who won Mirai-san's Miracle Audition.
Oh, you're on!
Oh, you're on the right track!
Oh, you've almost filled it up!
Oh, you were smirking from ear to ear.
Oh, you were wearing it from ear to ear.
Okay!
Okay?
Okay.
Okay...
Okay, all clear!
Okay, all together!
Okay, and thank you again.
Okay! Bring it on!
Okay! Bring it on, right?
Okay... Current time is one-four-zero-zero.
Okay everyone, are you ready?
Okay, got it.
Okay, here some from me too!
- Okay, how can I become an amaaazing idol then?
Okay! If I go play with that bunny, I will be able to brag to Onee-sama later!
Okay! If I go play with that bunny, I will surely be able to brag to Onee-sama later!
Okay, if you insist. You do what you think is best.
Okay, I hope everyone got a good look at our first performance contenders of the day.
Okay, I'll be right there!
Okay, I'll be right with you!
Okay, I'll confess my feelings!
Okay, I'll do my best!
Okay! I'll do my best!
Okay, I'll get ready.
Okay, I'll go then.
Okay, I'm going for a run!
Okay! I'm gonna fix this all for tomorrow!
Okay! I'm ready to go!
Okay, I see.
Okay. I see...
Okay, it's a race! Ready, go!
Okay, I understand!
Okay, I will be there shortly.
Okay, let's do this!
Okay! Let's give it a shot too, Mio!
Okay! Let's give it our all for today's lessons!
Okay! Let's give it our all in today's lessons!
Okay, Maika-chan!
Okay, Marin!
Okay, me too!
Okay, Mio-chan!
Okay Momone-chan, next up is the hair and makeup room.
Okay, okay!
Okay, okay, after the next gig.
Okay, okay, after the next show.
Okay, okay, kara-okay!
Okay, one more time!
Okay, please continue!
Okay, please take care of her.
Okay. Plus, I haven't done Aikatsu anywhere else before.
Okay. Plus, I haven't done Aikatsu overseas before.
Okay, seeing you succeed has given me courage.
Okay, see you tomorrow!
Okay, so how can I become an amaaazing idol then?
Okay, so I've booked their flights...
Okay, so next I need permission from there...
Okay, so the important thing I wanted to talk about...
Okay, so we're all in.
Okay, so what do you think about attaching a charm to the tights?
Okay, stop!
Okay! Thanks, Mio-chan.
Okay! Thank you so much.
Okay, thank you very much!
Okay! That was perfect!
Okay then, also tell us about Ema-chan and Sakuya-chan's Cat Moon.
Okay then, now that we finished the board game, what should we do next?
Okay, the water's perfect.
Okay, time to Friendsta!
Okay, we got every second.
Okay, we'll be there.
Okay, we'll keep that take!
Okay, we're clear!
Okay, we're clear.
Okay, what's left...
Okay, you go for it!
OK, OK, karaOK!
Ol!
O Luna, guide me by your moonlight tonight.
Omoi wa kasanariau no?
On AiTube, their performance VODs have over a million views!
onaji kokyuu... onaji rizumu...
Onaji kokyuu! onaji rizumu!
onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi
onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky itterasshai to sora no shita
onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky
onaji toko guru guru guru sore ja mottainai yo onaji toko guru guru guru sore ja mottainai yo Are you scared? But don't you also want to take a peek?
On a night like this with a rain of shooting stars ame no you na ryuusei no yoru My hidden desires are sure to come true kitto kono negai wa kanau hazu My hidden desires are sure to come true kitto kono negai wa kanau hazu I will transform chance
On a train ride, the best part is going over high bridges.
Once I become an idol, who knows what kind of dresses I'll wear?
Once more!
Once more, to be extra, extra sure.
Once more, together with you!
Once the year turns, the greatest of Aikatsu competitions, the Diamond Friends Cup, will begin.
Once they explode, the crowd is bound to go wild.
Once they make their Friends redebut, things are sure to take a turn for the amazing!
Once they make their official Friends redebut, things are sure to take a turn for the amazing!
Once upon a time, a young witch lived alone in a garden scented by wild roses nobara no kaori tadayou sono wakai majo ga sundeita Once upon a time, a young witch lived alone in a garden scented by wild roses nobara no kaori tadayou sono wakai majo ga sundeita
Once upon a time, there was a fairy who bothered the residents of this land with its unrelenting pranks.
Once upon, upon a time mukashi sono mukashi Once upon, upon a time mukashi sono mukashi Once upon, upon a time mukashi sono mukashi On a moon far, far away tooku gessekai ni On a moon far, far away tooku gessekai ni On a moon far, far away tooku gessekai ni
Once we made it official, we got totally hyped up!
Once we're done with you, you'll see why Honey Cat's gonna be the next Diamond Friends.
Once you grow close to someone, you'll have to face feelings you never knew you had.
Once you make your debut, my job as your producer will be over.
Once you make your debut, you'll have a new relationship, better than before.
Once you see my performance, your feelings are sure to change.
One.
One and only...
One day for sure, I'll be a magnificent idol that you can be proud of!
One day for sure, I'll become a true idol that you'll approve of!
One day, I encountered Aine of the normal track, and invited her to be an idol after she gave me a spark.
One day, I want to be good enough to design my own.
One day, this girl and I...
One dealing with the future of Honey Cat.
Onee-chan!
Onee-chan.
Onee-chan...
Onee-chan deserves to become an idol!
Onee-chan, do my hair!
Onee-chan! Get up, get up, get up!
Onee-chan got hurt right before the final audition.
Onee-chan, you've never even done Aikatsu before in your life!
Onee-sama!
Onee-sama?
Onee-sama?!
Onee-sama.
Onee-sama...
Onee-sama, at least be a little bit happy about winning.
Onee-sama, fare thee well!
Onee-sama, I believe I feel a reaction from a jewel in this area.
Onee-sama, if we want to get our hands on Jeweling Dresses...
Onee-sama, I have steeled my heart.
Onee-sama, I'm impressed you managed to make up rabbit riding on the spot.
Onee-sama, I need you to be more aware of the fact that you are an idol from the moon.
Onee-sama, I see you're burning the midnight oil again.
Onee-sama is missing? Where has she gone?
Onee-sama, it's nothing ventured, nothing gained!
Onee-sama, it's the dark side, not the inside.
Onee-sama, I will be here for you.
Onee-sama, our only option now is for you to direct us with your divinations.
Onee-sama, please come take the stage with me!
Onee-sama, please perform another divination just to be extra sure!
Onee-sama, please roll another divination just to be extra sure!
Onee-sama, please step forward and take the stage with me!
Onee-sama, please wake up!
Onee-sama's divinations are always right.
Onee-sama's divinations are never wrong.
Onee-sama's fortunes are always right.
Onee-sama's specialties are being able to sleep anywhere, plus her divination.
Onee-sama, take care of yourself when you're up this late.
Onee-sama, there's no need for you to do your alien impression now.
Onee-sama, this is...
Onee-sama, this is no time to be fooling around!
Onee-sama wants to concentrate before our performance...
Onee-sama was born in space on the moon.
Onee-sama was born in the darkness of the moon.
Onee-sama! We agreed that this was our servant, Lapin-chan!
Onee-sama! We discussed earlier that this is our servant, Lapin-chan!
Onee-sama, we must avenge Wakaba-chan with our Friends watermelon splitting.
Onee-sama, what is the matter?
Onee-sama woke up earlier than me?
Onee-sama, would you put an end to this nonsense already?
Onee-sama, you're being rude.
Onee-san...
Onee-san is touched!
Onee-san's proud of you!
Onee-san? We're the same age, you know.
One for me too, please.
- One hit - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
One hour and seventeen minutes left.
One hundred shows is just amazing.
One hundred shows, that's amazing.
One left.
One month ago, as part of my Aikatsu goodwill ambassador work, I paid a visit to Alicia-chan's country, the Principality of Solvette.
One more.
One more time!
One more unit!
One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord One Night Mirage Coord I'm Coco!
One of each, please.
One of our Miracle Dresses is this Rosé Heroic Coord.
One of them has to match the other.
One of them was Hibiki!
One performance per unit One performance per unit One performance per unit You will be judged by active professionals in the field.
One plus one equals infinity!
One plus one equals infinity.
One plus one is obviously two. In what universe could it possibly be infinity?
One plus one is the beginning of infinity.
One plus one makes infinity.
One stage higher!
One that won't lose to Love Me Tear.
One thing led to another, and she asked me to do a show with her.
One thought ran through my head when I picked the theme of this show, ~Everyone's Sceneries~.
One time, I saw Ken-san on a TV show.
One time when Maika and I were doing a report on a haunted house, I managed to keep her from crying and lead her through even though she was scared out of her wits.
One time when Maika and I were reporting on a haunted house for a gig, You might not think it, but I'm actually great at sitting in seiza!
One-twenty... three...
One, two!
One two and a three, cast a spell on me ichi ni no san de kakeru mahou ichi ni no san de kakeru mahou And that's all I need to take a step on And that's all I need to take a step on ippo fumidasu no ni seikou ippo fumidasu no ni seikou
One, two! Counter!
One, two, three!
One, two, three.
One, two, three...
One, two, three, four!
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four...
One! Two! Three! Four!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight!
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
One two three, high five!
One way to enjoy rice crackers is by dipping them in tea.
One week left until my solo live.
One where you can share a stage as two individual idols.
One win for me!
On her first try?
On Honey Cat's Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour!
Onii-chan!
Onii-chan?
Onii-chan?!
On it.
Only 75 left to go until a hundred!
Only amaaazing idols can wear such amaaazing dresses!
Only a single spot remains in the Diamond Friends Cup.
Only a single spot remains open in the Diamond Friends Cup.
Only a year and a half!
Only because of you all.
Only by smashing it to pieces will you be able to continue your ascent to the top!
Only eight minutes left!
Only Honey Cat and Pure Palette remain!
Only one Friends can win this competition and claim the glorious Brilliant Dresses!
Only one girl is chosen each year, so send in those applications!
- Only one of us can make it through, and you still come to our aid?
Only one of us can make it through, and you still come to our rescue?
- Only one of us can make it to the end, yet you're trying to aid your enemy?
Only one thing to do!
Only six units made it through.
Only stupid people call others stupid!
Only the best from our Diamond Friends!
Only the chosen idols?
Only the idol unit who's earned the title of Diamond Friends is allowed to wear those dresses!
Only the one unit who earns the Best Friends Award will be able to claim the spot in the Diamond Friends Cup.
Only the unit who claims the top spot will earn the title of Diamond Friends along with its emblem, the Diamond Dresses!
Only the unit who clinches the top spot will earn the title of Diamond Friends along with its symbol, In the end, none of us were able to use a Miracle Appeal.
Only those who have honed their idol activities to the utmost limits can reach it.
Only those who have honed their idol activities to the utmost limits can reach the Aikatsu Zone.
Only two days until your flight now.
Only two units left to go!
Only you can bring them back.
Only you can guide it to success.
On my birthday, all the schools and stores would close and everyone enjoyed a day off.
On my... determination.
On my own...
On my way.
On second thought, I will accept their offer.
"On that note, what sort of games did you play as children? I'd really like to know." Let's see... Mostly hide-and-seek or tag.
On the canvas that continues even now On the canvas that continues even now On the canvas that continues even now On the canvas that continues even now On the canvas that continues even now On the canvas that continues even now koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni koko made tsudzuku kyanbasu ni
On the morrow...
"On the morrow..." "Travel in the direction of the rising sun to a trendy café, and awaiting you shall be a fantastic encounter." However...
On the other hand, it'd be a waste to put on the same thing every day.
On the other hand, Maika has been getting invitations to participate in the locational variety shows Ema is known for.
On the stage, Alicia's smile was as brilliant as a thousand suns.
On the way home exhausted from work, without any spare time to buy presents.
On this episode, Pure Palette's recommendation is...
On top of all that, they won last year's Diamond Friends Cup.
On top of the mature base color, the vivid pink accents add a vibrant splash.
On to question one! Da-dun!
Onwards, to Solvette!
Onwards to the Principality of Solvette!
On your marks... And go!
On your marks, get set... go!
O-Of course not! My bond with Aine is absolute.
O-Oh no!
O-Okay!
O-Okay.
O-Okay! I'll do my best!
ookesutora dekisou da yo Our footsteps beat a rhythm ashioto rizumu Our footsteps beat a rhythm ashioto rizumu Tap tap tap they keep the time tatatan tan kizande Tap tap tap they keep the time tatatan tan kizande The volume of our hearts kokoro boryuumu The volume of our hearts
O-Onee-chan?!
O-Onee-sama, I can do this much by myself.
O-Onee-sama, I can do this one by myself.
O-One-twenty-four...
Open!
- Open a fragrance, light some candles, and lose yourself in the world of a good novel.
Open campus?
Open Campus Notice Star Harmony Academy High School Open Campus Notice Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School
- Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice And you, my fine Wakaba, will be going to help Aine-chan and friends!
- Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School
Open it when you're alone.
Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me Open me
Open the door of your heart!
Open up, Karen.
Open your mouth wider!
Opportunity only knocks once, Maika-san.
Or can you not?!
Or even how their power can be activated.
Or keeping warm in a kotatsu.
Or making keeping warm in a kotatsu.
- Or mature? - Otona?
- Or mature? - Otona? - Or mature? - Otona?
Or maybe something sharp would be better kakkoii! kanji mo ii na - Either would look just great - kitto niau yo - Either would look just great - kitto niau yo - Start with the mascara! - Mazu wa masukara!
Or... not? Is I Believe having some mechanical trouble?
Or perhaps...
Or see one!
Or so it appears to me.
Or so it seemed, but expanding endlessly before the dancing angel is...
Or so you say, but I bet you just wanted a chance to see Mirai-san.
- Or so you say, but I know you were given an offer to become an instructor.
- Or, supposing they did, whether they would be able to save this country.
Or that you're putting a burden on everyone else.
Or thinking that you're putting a burden on everyone else.
Or would it be unfair that nobody could beat a real alien?
Or you could go the romantic route and take a lap around the park on a gondola.
Or you could go the romantic route and take a lap of the park on a gondola.
Osamu Minato is the name on the back of all our café's dishware.
Otherwise I'd disgrace the name of Chouno Maika!
Otherwise I won't forgive you!
Ouch!
Ouch...
Ouch! I bit my tongue!
Ouch! I got done in...
Ouch! Ow, the pain!
Oui. However, none of the particulars have been hammered out.
Oui, mademoiselle.
Oui! What an exhilarating development!
Our Aikatsu tanks are full!
Our Aine's really an idol now.
- Our Best Friends Rare Dresses will have to carry Pure Palette through it all.
Our Best Friends Rare Dresses will have to carry Pure Palette through thick and thin.
- Our Best Friends Rare Dresses will have to weather Pure Palette through the storm.
Our big bang!
Our brand name is of course!
Our brand name is, of course!
Our diamond's radiance!
Our dream came true, and we're Diamond Friends now.
Our dream came true, and we're now Diamond Friends.
Our dream of becoming Diamond Friends finally came true.
Our dreams are so far, it almost feels hopeless, Pure Palette but we'll use our remaining time to recoup and focus.
Our event attracted a lot of attention, and our cat food sales have tripled since then.
Our fans are waiting.
Our first performance will be essential. We'll need to show them how much we've improved since then.
Our first segment is...
Our first topic is this!
Our Friends Appeal to show them off, right?
Our Friends present exchange can't be any other night than Christmas Eve.
Our frienergy!
Our girls are getting lovelier by the day.
Our goal is Diamond Friends!
Our guests this time are Reflect Moon with...
- Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo - Our hearts will always remain one forevermore - kokoro wa tatta hitotsu itsudemo
Our hiatus has lasted five years. Many of our fans may have given up hope by now.
Our knowledge of the moon might be assessed.
Our last job for the day is a concert.
Our little rivals have all got their Miracle Dresses ready.
- Our momentum hasn't been stopped a bit!
Our momentum hasn't been stopped one bit!
- Our momentum isn't about to be stopped here!
Our next Friends is...
Our next question is from Cat Name Manamin-san.
Our opinions clashed again, this time about our new song.
Our other dear friends and classmates.
Our painting!
Our plan's set! Come what may, all we need now is training!
Our plan was a success.
Our plot backfired.
Our plot ended in failure.
Our possibilities are infinite!
Our resources are sparse due to the harsh weather, but please, do enjoy.
Our resources are sparse due to the nature of the weather, Naturally. The generous servings of vegetables and meat were stewed together well, drawing out the most of their flavors.
Our Restaurant Picks!
Our scene got moved to the evening, so it's totally fine.
Our scene has been moved to the evening, so it's totally fine.
Our secret is on its way to being shown in living rooms across the country.
Our secret is on the way to being revealed in living rooms across the country.
Our signature pose is kind of embarrassing to do, though...
Our special live...
Our stage!
Our third unit is Pure Palette!
Our usual style of Aikatsu isn't quite enough if we seriously want to go for Diamond Friends.
Our venture into the wild really deepened our friendship!
Our very own Special Live...
Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita
Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony
Our work may be different, but let's all work hard.
Out of all her countless friends, Aine chose me.
Out of tomatoes We'll be awaiting your next visit.
Overconfidence is the first step to failure.
Overconfidence leads to failure. What if we make Sakuya-san's divination wrong?
overflows - waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte Waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte
overflows - waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you
Over here!
Over here, everyone! Come and look!
Over here! Nako-chan!
Over here, please!
Over just that?!
overlaps with our pre-tour?
Overseas Aikatsu tip number three.
Ow!
Ow...
owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end mugendai ni owari nanka nai mugendai ni owari nanka nai
Packing depends not only on speed, but also precision.
Packing technique?
Packing Technique Packing Technique Packing Technique Packing Technique Aine is fast!
Packing Technique Packing Technique Packing Technique Packing Technique - Master Battle Tourney - Master Battle Tourney - Summer Idol Special - Summer Idol Special - Time Up - Time Up Time's up!
Pair?
Pairs!
Papa!
Papa?
Paparazzi?
Parachute spotted!
Pardon...
Pardon me.
Pardon me...
Pardon me for the sudden intrusion.
Pardon my asking, but last night...
Pardon my late introduction.
Pardon us.
Participants compete in a plethora of themed battles to determine who can rightfully be called the masters.
- Participants compete in a variety of themed battles to determine who can rightfully be called the masters.
- Participants compete in a variety of themed battles to determine who the greatest master is.
- Part of making it is getting your lucky break, after all.
Party of three coming in!
- Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party If I may have your attention, it is now time for the concert.
Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party
Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Party Wow, there's a show too!
- Party - Welcome Back! - Welcome Back!
Passion for what I want to express just kept bubbling up.
PASS PASS PASS I can't go on!
PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS PASS You did it, Ema!
Pass... port?
Passports really need to be gotten sooner rather than later.
- Past Rank: - Past Rank: - Friends Partner: - Friends Partner: - Yuuki Aine - Yuuki Aine - 6cm Above - 6cm Above - Macaron Folk Dance - Macaron Folk Dance She really is incredible...
Peek.
Peek. Peek.
Penalty!
Penguin Cafe A few days ago, at Amanogawa Stadium, Pure Palette's first independent arena concert was a roaring success.
Penguin Cafe - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 ♪ Abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ - Add tags - Add location - Share - Share ♪ Abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ ♪ abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ - Share - Share ♪ Abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ ♪ abouttoair ♪pleasewatch☆ And... done.
Penguin Cafe Are those your albums?
Penguin Cafe Coming!
Penguin Cafe Different from before, different from before...
Penguin Cafe Enjoy!
Penguin Cafe Exactly.
Penguin Cafe Forgive me for dropping in like this.
Penguin Cafe Good morning!
Penguin cafe Here, eat up.
Penguin Cafe Hibiki-san, let the tension out of your shoulders and relax.
- Penguin Cafe Hurry up and eat your food.
Penguin Cafe I'm back!
Penguin Cafe I'm exhausted.
Penguin Cafe I'm home.
Penguin Cafe Is this your first time here?
Penguin Cafe It's glistening! It sure looks tasty...
Penguin Cafe I've been wanting to visit!
Penguin Cafe I've never seen her around here.
Penguin Cafe I want to apologize for making your divination end up wrong.
Penguin Cafe Karen-san and Mirai-san...
Penguin Cafe Let's see, I've got my Friend Album and my card binder. Also...
Penguin Cafe Look at this crowd!
Penguin Cafe Merry Christmas!
Penguin Cafe Oh no! I must have slightly overslept!
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Huh?
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Moving on, - we're going give you a mock interview. - We'll be awaiting your next visit.
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Huh? Mio?
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe I, Yuuki Aine, once got into a staring contest
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe This one, right?
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Right? We're going up against Karen-san and Mirai-san.
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Whoa! These are crazy cunique!
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Welcome!
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe - That's great, keep it up!
Penguin Cafe Penguin Cafe Yeah! I'm gonna Aikatsu hard today!
Penguin Cafe Please give me some space until after my performance That's not like her at all.
- Penguin Cafe Please list ten things you respect about your older sister.
Penguin Cafe Squee!
Penguin Cafe Take care on your trip.
Penguin Cafe Thanks for waiting.
Penguin Cafe Thank you for your patience!
- Penguin Cafe - That's too bad.
Penguin Cafe "The lucky food is...
- Penguin Cafe This is exactly what I wanted!
- Penguin Cafe Today's word on the street is about the Macaron Folk Dance.
Penguin Cafe Tomorrow... I hope I can decide on a brand.
- Penguin Cafe We heard all about it, Aine.
Penguin Cafe We'll be watching.
Penguin Cafe You're going to choke if you keep on stuffing your face like that, Aine.
Penguin Cafe You're holding a Making Up Ceremony?
Penguin cheer squad!
Penne!
Penne?
Penne, don't tell anyone!
Penne says you should do it.
Penne would never say something like that!
Penne would understand that.
Pen-sama!
Pen-sama?
Pen-sama.
Pen-sama...
Pen-sama saved Nako-chan!
People always tell me I'm mature for my age otonappoitte yoku iwareru kedo People always tell me I'm mature for my age otonappoitte yoku iwareru kedo But I'd rather take advantage of being a kid mada kodomo chotto toku shita kibun But I'd rather take advantage of being a kid
People are gossiping about how one of the most promising candidates for Diamond Friends has disappeared.
People change when they meet one another.
People change when they meet other people.
People from every corner of the world have been commenting on Friendsta and AiTube about being our fans.
People have already begun to freeze all around the city.
people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Don't lie to your own feelings Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics I'll never finish at this rate.
People might be shocked, so it would be best to keep that under the radar.
People of Solvette!
- People've also replied with heaps of messages and videos of their own.
Perfect to fill a hungry cat's stomach, and great to give energetic cats a boost.
Perhaps her...
Perhaps I made your schedule a bit too tight.
Perhaps I never could have conceived of it before becoming Friends with Mirai.
Perhaps it may be easier to understand if you imagine it as Aikatsu instead.
Perhaps it requires a certain amount of resolve to become an idol.
Perhaps it's already afternoon.
Perhaps I've been waiting all this time for you to appear.
Perhaps I was asking for too much resolve to suddenly become an idol.
Perhaps the amount of time we can be together will decrease.
Perhaps the froggies want to welcome Aine-chan back too.
- Perhaps they're already up there, bringing warmth to the world above all the walls— - Perhaps they too wish to give warmth to everyone in the world without barriers and are already up there...
Perhaps they're already up there, bringing warmth to the world from heights that can overcome any barrier...
Perhaps you're simply being too much of a perfectionist.
Personally witnessing the brilliance of a real Jeweling Dress has gotten you curious.
Personally witnessing the brilliance of a real Jeweling Dress has got you curious.
Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord Pink Link Coord I'm the Aikatsu Navi, Coco!
Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord Pink Partner Coord I'm Coco!
Pinky promise!
Play Cat and Honey?
Playing and... go.
Playing, and... go.
Please!
Please accept it!
Please accept our entry as well.
Please accept these.
Please accept these in exchange.
Please accept this!
Please ad lib it.
Please allow me to help in some way.
Please allow us to take that up.
Please allow us to thank you for inviting us to your party.
Please and thank you.
"Please and thank you." There should be some idols at school who've been on TV dramas and such, so I'll ask if they can come.
Please, a word on how you're feeling right now.
Please! Before they get you!
Please! Before you get caught!
Please begin!
Please begin the design lesson!
Please be on standby.
Please call me Habarazzi.
Please come if you could spare the time.
Please come watch if you can.
Please do.
Please do Aikatsu again!
Please do look forward to it.
Please, do not concern yourself about it.
Please don't be impatient, Hibiki-san.
Please don't fret, Hibiki-san.
Please don't hold anything back!
Please don't, I should be the one apologizing to you.
Please don't look at me with eyes full of pity!
Please don't look for me!
Please don't tell me that you saw our loss.
Please draw as many designs as possible for your next Best Friends Rare Dress.
Please drink this, Onee-sama.
Please enjoy!
Please entrust us this responsibility.
Please excuse me, as I must go speak with the event manager.
Please follow me.
Please follow me, miss!
Please follow me to your interview and photo shoot.
Please follow me to your interview and photoshoot.
Please forget about me.
Please forgive me for not being able to wear you!
Please forgive us for burdening you like this.
Please form Friends with me!
Please, form Friends with me!
Please get on standby!
Please get ready on standby.
Please give me some space until after my performance.
Please give us a basic rundown of the following things.
Please give us a chance to prove it.
Please give your fans in the audience a word on your outlook going forward.
Please give your fans watching this show a word about your aspirations.
Please go ahead, line-chan!
Please go on standby.
Please have a bite too, Maika-chan. Here.
Please have one.
Please hear us out first.
Please help!
Please help us!
Please help yourselves.
Please, I simply conveyed the words of the moon.
Please, it's fine!
Please, I want to give it a try!
Please join us.
Please just call me Aine.
Please just stop, Kaguya-chan!
Please lay down a while longer!
- Please leave me alone - Sakuya But behind the grandeur of the stage, a huge incident was unfolding.
Please leave me alone Sakuya I know you're not so selfish that you'd do something like this just because your divination was negative.
- Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone
Please leave me alone Sakuya "The moment you step upon the dazzling stage, a devastating misfortune shall befall you.
Please, lend me your power!
Please lend us just a little bit more of your frienergy!
Please lend Wakaba-chan to me for one more day.
Please let Aine-chan be able to sing on stage!
Please let go!
Please let me assist as well.
Please let me do it!
Please let me give it another attempt!
Please let me pass.
Please let me take back what I said about quitting lacrosse!
Please let me take back when I said I was going to quit lacrosse!
Please let me try again!
Please let me try Spacekatsu one more time!
Please let me use them.
Please let me wear Sugar Melody!
Please let us burn through every last second we've got on Aikatsu until the competition!
Please let us burn through every last second we've got until the competition on Aikatsu!
Please let us do it!
Please let us in on your upcoming plans.
Please let us show you our gratitude!
Please let us use this opportunity to show our gratitude!
Please lie down a while longer!
Please make me your disciple!
Please make us your henchmen!
Please, my friends.
Please, my idol senpai!
Please open the door, Onee-sama!
Please, Papa!
Please put it through for us.
Please rest assured.
Please retire to your quarters.
Please see for yourself!
Please set your glowsticks to either red or white, whichever team you believe was better.
Please share some comments about Reflect Moon that have been posted online recently.
Please share with us how you're feeling right now.
Please share with us some recent opinions about Reflect Moon from online.
Please speak freely.
Please start making your way back!
Please stop here.
Please support me Please support me I'm hoping it lets my fans get to know me better.
Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me Please support me It's got my profile and autograph on it.
Please take Mika to the moon!
Please take one.
Please take whichever you'd like.
Please teach me what kind of training I should do to prepare for voice work.
Please tell me!
Please tell me about Aikatsu Style Times.
Please tell me how I can get in the Zone.
Please tell me what I did wrong!
Please tell me what kind of training I should do to prepare for voice work.
Please tell me what your divination foretold!
Please tell me which school of swordplay emphasizes the concepts of infinite variety and perpetual adaptation?
Please tell me which school of swordplay encompasses the concepts of infinite variety and perpetual adaptation?
Please tell us what you can.
Please tell us your aspiration as an idol!
Please tell us your aspirations as an idol!
Please tell us your favorite proverb.
Please, there's no need to do anything.
Please train me one last time!
Please understand.
Please wait!
Please wait just a moment!
Please wait just a moment longer.
Please watch us closely at our performance right after this.
Please watch us closely during our performance coming up.
Please, we don't want to trouble you, Aine-chan!
Please withdraw.
Plus, according to Love Me Tear Legends, Karen-san's mansion holds a host of lore!
Plus, Chiharu-san even gave me a wonderful Premium Rare Dress as a present.
Plus, her Jeweling Dress was magnificent.
Plus she's powerful and steadfast.
Plus there's a lot of other Friends too! This is one of the biggest fests in all of Aikatsu!
Plus there's a ton of other Friends too! This is one of the biggest fests in all of Aikatsu!
Plus there was your dress.
Plus, we'll get to meet other Friends from around the country!
Poke!
Polish the chalice, become city or ship.
Polish the chalice, city or ship.
Pop and sexy! I'll pile on heaps of both!
Pop and sporty!
Poppin' Miracle Happy Attack!
- Pop? - Pop?
- Pop? - Pop? - Pop? - Pop?
- Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy
Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break Popular Star Harmony Academy
- Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break - Pure Palette breaking up?!
- Popular Star Harmony Academy Idols Announce Recharging Break - Pure Palette's going back to doing solo activities... - Pure Palette's going back to doing solo activities... - Wh-wai-are you kidding me - No way... when are they getting back together? - They're not breaking up, right?!
Positive to the max!
Posted!
Posting on Friendsta might make some fans come too!
Posting something on Friendsta might make our fans come too!
Posts followers 1.01 mil following I'm over a million!
Posts Followers 8 mil Following Did you take all these pictures yourself?
Posts followers following Sugar Official account "Hungry Hungry Kitty" now on sale~
Pours their hopes, dreams, and emotions into it.
Power-up Plan?
- Poyopoyo I can't wait to see Pure Palette's Diamond Dresses! BlackBuffalo I wonder how sparkly the dress designs are Cookie Their effort gives me courage! Good luck! Marshmallow The Diamond Dresses sound incredible! I bet Aine-chan and Mio-chan will shine ever brighter in them ryu029 Just thinking about your stage is making me excited! DEDEDE Seeing Aine-chan's bright smile makes me smile too 10tyo The audience's cheers are crazy AMA I made a friend in line today! All of Pure Palette's fans are great people! Umaigou I already know how incredible Aine-chan and Mio-chan were before Shine ever brighter!
P-Pen-sama!
P-Pen-sama, ever since I first laid eyes on you, I've...
P-Please go easy on us...
P-Pranked?
Praise Idols!
- Pranked!
Pranked!
- Pranked! - Pranked!
Precisely!
Precisely.
Premium Rare Dresses are the flowers of a brand.
Premium Rare Dresses can't be made like that.
Premium Rare Dresses mustn't be made like that.
Premium Rare Dresses really do have that extra bit of specialness.
Preparation is key!
Preparation is the basis of reporting.
Prepare it at once.
Prepare rooms for our guests.
Prepare yourself!
Present your responses!
President Nekoyashiki.
- Press Release Because we're friends, our feelings are shared.
- Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release It's mysterious. Even though we're different people, - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon
- Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon - Press Release - Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon
Pretty!
Pretty! Fabulous! Amazing! Gorgeous!
Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord Pretty Kitty Coord I'm Coco!
Pretty much all these letters are about that too.
Pretty Sexy Honey Cat.
Pretty☆Sexy★Honey Cat!
Preview Preview A Diamond Dress... I'm so moved that I can finally wear my own!
Preview Preview A far too perfect performance.
Preview Preview Aine-chan and the girls are coming back tomorrow.
Preview Preview Aine, there's something on top of your head!
Preview Preview All these Premium Rare Dresses are so nice.
Preview Preview Am I still a total unknown?
Preview Preview A new macaron commercial?
Preview Preview A report for a TV show?
Preview Preview Are you okay, Mio-chan?
Preview Preview Behind the scenes of a Friends event, an incident is unfolding?
Preview Preview Coco-chan wants to do Aikatsu with us?
Preview Preview Every idol has her very own brand.
Preview Preview Evolustakia!
Preview Preview For real? Lacrosse camp...
Preview Preview Hibiki-san, you look like a wreck today!
Preview Preview Hibiki, there's something I must tell you.
Preview Preview I can't make a big bang...
Preview Preview I can't wait for the audition!
Preview Preview If my divination is right, Kaguya-chan will disappear!
Preview Preview If we use our full power, then Pure Palette...
Preview Preview I knew she was mysterious, but I didn't think she could clone herself!
Preview Preview I know how you are, but that doesn't mean you can become friends with literally everyone.
Preview Preview I'll show you that I can Aikatsu on my own!
Preview Preview I'm done with you, Mio!
Preview Preview I'm going to be in a macaron commercial.
Preview Preview I'm going to devote myself to Aikatsu!
Preview Preview I'm so excited for our worldwide tour!
Preview Preview Is that Alicia-san?
Preview Preview I think it's about time to tell her.
Preview Preview It's about time for another Sugar Melody dress debut show.
Preview Preview It's almost Christmas!
Preview Preview It's summer!
Preview Preview It's the finals of the expert battle!
Preview Preview It's time for your debut concert at last, Wakaba-chan.
Preview Preview I've got a spark!
Preview Preview I wonder if Aine's working hard right now...
Preview Preview I wonder what everyone over in Solvette is doing now.
Preview Preview Kaguya-chan, drop everything!
Preview Preview Karen?
Preview Preview Karen-san and Mirai-san decide to walk their own paths.
Preview Preview Let's work hard together in the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Preview Preview Love Me Tear's accomplishments, number 39!
Preview Preview Maika and Ema-chan...
Preview Preview Maika is feeling down?
Preview Preview Mio-chan, you design your own dresses?
Preview Preview Mio, it's amazing that you get to be the head producer for a fashion show!
Preview Preview Next time is my first foray into a drama!
Preview Preview One day left until the entry deadline.
Preview Preview Our open campus attracted so many visitors!
Preview Preview Our world tour is coming to a close.
Preview Preview Save me, Pure Palette!
Preview Preview Shuffle our Friends?
Preview Preview Sister, a dangerous blizzard is threatening to freeze everyone over!
Preview Preview So I'm on the idol track now...
Preview Preview So that's Alicia-san...
Preview Preview Spacekatsu is so hard!
Preview Preview The Best Friends Cup has started!
Preview Preview The Diamond Friends Cup is here!
Preview Preview The reason that the girls grip their handlebars can be found only here.
Preview Preview There's not enough time...
Preview Preview There's too much to do before going abroad!
Preview Preview This is totally unprecedented! It's the talk show of circumstance and despair!
Preview Preview Treasure spotted! Sparkle sparkle!
Preview Preview Um... We CoMe In PeAcE...
Preview Preview Wakaba, you're going to help out with the open campus.
Preview Preview We're going to beat Love Me Tear?
Preview Preview We're making a Best Friends Rare Dress!
Preview Preview We're working on a show with Hibiki-san?
Preview Preview What are friends?
Preview Preview Yo! See that volcano explode!
Prince!
Prince.
- Prince and Princess - Role building Like Pure Palette!
Prince and Princess Role Building Prince Prince Handsome and reliable Aine Bright and energetic!
Prince Charles, we may be able to make Alicia-san do Aikatsu!
- Prince - Princess - Star Romance Wars - Roles: Two lovers!!
- Prince - Princess There are two available roles—a prince and princess who are madly in love.
Prince Princess The script's already written, but we haven't yet settled on the direction. Thus...
Princess?
Princess Alicia.
Princess Alicia, you should understand from your time as an idol.
Princess and Idol!
Princesses?!
Princess from the moon.
Princess from the Moon Princess from the Moon Princess from the Moon Delicious!
Princess, no matter what may befall me in the future, I hereby vow to always remain by your side.
Princess, no matter what may befall me, I vow never to stray from your side.
Principality of Solvette, bring it on!
- Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic
- Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge -
Probably?
Probably around a week.
Probably having a snowball fight.
Probably just enough time if I hurry?
Probably just enough time if I rush?
Producing everything by yourself makes you stand out against even Love Me Tear.
Producing everything by yourself makes you stand out from even Love Me Tear.
Production Room Can you really do it?
- Production Room - m 470 206 l 816 147 l 816 188 l 472 248 Aine-chan, Mio-chan.
- Production Room - m 470 206 l 816 147 l 816 188 l 472 248 You know how important the Best Friends Cup is, right?
Production Room Please give us permission!
Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room Production Room We're here.
Production Room Production Room This is the Production Room.
Production Room This is a production room.
Production Room Wasn't this the production room?
Professional Judges Professional Judges Professional Judges They'll be watching you closely, so stay sharp.
Program Proposal Idol Unmasking!!
Project Plan The theme of this fashion show is ~Everyone's Sceneries~
Promise me one thing.
- Proof - shoumei Uncertain aimai - Illusion - maboroshi Ephemeral setsuna The Sun taiyou The Sun taiyou A World of Ice kouri no sekai A World of Ice kouri no sekai Destiny - unmei - Destiny Unmei - Scales - tenbin - Scales - tenbin - Fingertips - yubisaki
- Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room Proposal Hibiki's Room Instead of simply sitting down for a chat, why not turn it into a show?
- Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room - Proposal - Hibiki's Room
Proposal Hibiki's Room Pure Palette Honey Cat Reflect Moon This is an intriguing premise.
Public viewing!
Public viewings...
Pudding!
Pulling off a Friends Appeal right after their formation? Those two are impressive.
Pull off a good performance, and you'll get a ton of fans in one shot.
Pump yourself up and say bring it on!
pure and honest feelings ima wa pyua de massugu na kimochi All we need now are pure and honest feelings ima wa pyua de massugu na kimochi Let's believe and raise them together shinjite sodateteyukou Let's believe and raise them together shinjite sodateteyukou Let's believe and raise them together shinjite sodateteyukou
Pure Palette!
Pure Palette?
Pure Palette...
- Pure Palette Autograph Session - Pure Palette Autograph Session - Pure Palette Autograph Session - Pure Palette Autograph Session - Pure Palette Autograph Session - Pure Palette Autograph Session Pure Palette Act like I'm even older!
Pure Palette Best Friends Rare Dress Special Making Video Views Subscribe Pure Palette Channel This is how you made the dresses?
- Pure Palette breaking up?!
Pure Palette breaking up?!
Pure Palette can fly!
Pure Palette☆Congratulations Pure Palette☆Congratulations m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Karen-san! Mirai-san!
Pure Palette, do it!
- Pure Palette First Stadium Live - Pure Palette First Stadium Live - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Everyone, thanks for coming!
- Pure Palette First Stadium Live - Pure Palette First Stadium Live M 1130 198 b 1130 198 1130 198 1130 198 l 1105 253 b 1000 261 890 272 781 286 l 815 242 b 897 228 984 215 1114 200 It's Aine-chan and Mio-chan!
Pure Palette has cheered us up so much, so it's our turn to return the favor!
Pure Palette has cheered us up so much until now, so it's our turn to return the favor!
Pure Palette has no greater rival than you.
Pure Palette has pulled out of the last corner, and all that's left is crossing the line!
Pure Palette has rounded the last corner.
Pure Palette has sped brilliantly past the final obstacle!
Pure Palette has their work cut out for them.
- Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette
Pure Palette is back.
Pure Palette isn't giving up! They're valiantly pushing their broken kart towards the goal!
Pure Palette isn't giving up! They're valiantly pushing their broken kart toward the goal!
Pure Palette is really heating up now.
Pure Palette is the most important thing in the world to me.
Pure Palette Legends Pure Palette Legends Pure Palette Chapter Pure Palette Chapter Shipping Soon Shipping Soon Love Me Tear Legends Love Me Tear Legends Diamond Friends Chapter Diamond Friends Chapter New Volume New Volume On Sale Soon On Sale Soon This is worrying.
Pure Palette lost to Reflect Moon.
Pure Palette Minato Mio Yuuki Aine Aine... what are those?
- Pure Palette Minato Mio Yuuki Aine - Waiting Room Something important...
- Pure Palette Photo Album Release - Pure Palette Photo Album Release Thanks for everything!
- Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette Aine!
- Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette
- Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette
- Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Honey Cat - Honey Cat
Pure Palette Pure Palette Pure Palette - Love Me Tear - Kamishiro Karen - Asuka Mirai - Love Me Tear - Kamishiro Karen - Asuka Mirai What?
- Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Pure Palette The winners are Pure Palette!
Pure Palette Reserved Event Pure Palette Reserved Event We could rent out an amusement park and perform from a hot air balloon.
Pure Palette's 101 Battles!
Pure Palette's all-out Aikatsu was a thing of beauty!
Pure Palette's Aqua Palette Coord was just made for Mio-chan!
Pure Palette's Best Friends Rare Dress is accented by the water droplet-like pearls!
Pure Palette's Friend Record TV!
Pure Palette's Friend Record TV.
Pure Palette's Friend Record TV Travel Special!
- Pure Palette's going back to doing solo activities... - Pure Palette's going back to doing solo activities... - Wh-wai-are you kidding me - No way... when are they getting back together?
Pure Palette's got the honor of going last.
Pure Palette's having a showdown?
Pure Palette Social Media Account Friend Registration and Change This is their big chance.
Pure Palette's popularity skyrocketed after becoming Diamond Friends.
Pure Palette's room is right next to Love Me Tear's!
Pure Palette still has room to grow!
Pure Palette's Yuuki Aine and Minato Mio!
Pure Palette takes flight!
Pure Palette taught me about frienergy.
Pure Palette turned their fans' cheers into power and exploded on stage.
"Pure Palette"... Wait, that's for us?
Pure Palette will be facing a wave of inconceivable size.
Pure Palette will be leaving Japan for a short while to visit the Principality of Solvette.
- Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program
- Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start We had a Pure Palette gourmet
Pure Palette Yuuki Aine Your future support is greatly appreciated I need to show her even more of my mature side.
Purin, dokkin, happy shower!
Purin Dokkin Happy Shower!
Put all that formal stuff aside.
Put another way, the things you couldn't do before, you can do now as Diamond Friends.
Put everything you've got into producing this event so you have nothing left to regret.
Put some spirit into it, like you're sword fighting!
Puts their hopes, dreams, and emotions into it.
Put the lighting there afterwards.
- Put them all up in a line, the complements are so fine - narabetemiru no homekotoba na no - Put them all up in a line, the complements are so fine - narabetemiru no homekotoba na no - A heartthrobbing - doki doki wo - A heartthrobbing - doki doki wo
Put this on, and...
Putting them together is like adding wings to a tiger.
Put your spirit into it, like you're sword fighting!
Quack!
Question!
- Question 1 - You find yourself inside a forest.
Question 1 You find yourself inside a forest.
- Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give
Rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka
rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi A small detour along the way chotto kurai mawari michi Can lead to hidden futures
Rain?
- Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be Agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto
- Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be
Raise your arm and open your palm.
rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou A small detour along the way
Rappel down a cliff and stamp your maps!
ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love Aine-san, I feel as though I have come to understand what you were saying earlier.
ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love I feel so warm inside.
ra ra ra ra love La la la la love ra ra ra ra love It's time for the results!
ra ra ra ra love Next to the feet I've suddenly stopped futto tachidomaru ashimoto Next to the feet I've suddenly stopped futto tachidomaru ashimoto Blooms a tiny flower saita chiisana hana Blooms a tiny flower saita chiisana hana Slowly breathing in and out again sotto kurikaesareru kokyuu ga Slowly breathing in and out again
Ra-ra-ra running in spring...
Rashiku aritai subete wa jibun shidai rashiku aritai subete wa jibun shidai Be courageous and say hello!
Rather than be like Love Me Tear...
Rather than considering each other partners, you seem to view one another as rivals.
Rather than considering one another partners, you seem to view each other as rivals.
Rather than trophies or titles awarded by others, I find value solely in what is earned by my own efforts.
Raw jewels are drawn to idols who possess a strong light.
Reach her, frienergy!
reach", just try another day "todokanai yo" nante mada akiramenaide Don't give up and say "I can't reach", just try another day "todokanai yo" nante mada akiramenaide Don't give up and say "I can't reach", just try another day "todokanai yo" nante mada akiramenaide Let's go! Everyone Aikatsu!
Reach, my frienergy!
Reach them!
Reach them, frienergy!
Reach Wakaba-chan.
Reading this book is what inspired me to become an idol.
Read it with your Mommy later.
Ready...
Ready, go!
Ready... start!
Ready to go!
Really?
Really? All of them look wonderful to me...
Really? I'd go for Aine without a second thought.
Really? I did it!
Really? I knew it!
Really? I'm pretty sure I heard you say I inspired you.
Really? I'm pretty sure I heard you say I'm your inspiration.
Really? I'm so glad.
Really, I never told you?
Really? In that case, I'll gladly accept your kindness.
Really?! It looks that good?
Really?! It's okay?!
Really? I want a brand of my own too!
Really? Maybe I should buy a ticket.
Really? More than everything else?
Really passionate, and really cool!
Really? She made the same promise to Mom.
Really? Thank goodness.
Really? Thanks!
Really? Thanks, Mio!
Really?! Thanks so much!
Really, thank you so much!
Really? That'd be great.
Really? Then I'll leave the acting direction to the magic pro.
Really? Then that means I've been doing Aikatsu longer than you.
Really? They all look incredible to me...
- Really, they would?
Really?! What's in it?
Really? Who?
Really? You got this much?
Really? You were wonderful out there!
Real passion...
Receiving...
Recently, I became friends with the top idol Minato Mio-chan.
- Recording Flow - Karen Mirai - Opening talk I bet Karen-san and Mirai-san are doing their opening talk right now!
Recording It appears that the upcoming Best Friends Cup is going to be a fierce battle.
Recording Material Color's dress ethos is sharp silhouettes and stylish designs.
- Recording Schedule Board 9/20 - Dressing Rooms - Love Me Tear - Pure Palette - Reflect Moon - Room - Room - Room DRESSING ROOM GUIDE Coco's work tips number two.
Red Team... Fight!
Red Team, go...
Reflect Cat!
- Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon
- Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon - Honey Moon - Reflect Honey - Reflect Cat - Cat Moon Honey Moon Reflect Honey Reflect Cat Cat Moon
- Reflect Cat - Reflect Cat What's going on here?!
Reflect Cat will be delivering a hands-on report of this brain-melting roller coaster!
Reflect Honey!
Reflect Honey, formed during stage two of the limited-time Shuffle Friends project, are quickly rising through the ranks with gravure shoots.
Reflect Honey, formed during stage two of the limited-time shuffle Friends project, The second shuffle Friends, Cat Moon, is extremely popular among elementary and middle school age girls.
Reflect Moon!
Reflect Moon.
Reflect Moon are identical twins and have the best synchronization in the industry.
Reflect Moon are the twin Friends. However, everyone here is also your sibling, given life at the same time on the same day.
Reflect Moon faced Love Me Tear in a passionate battle.
Reflect Moon Formation!!
- Reflect Moon has been disqualified for leaving the course!
Reflect Moon has been retired for leaving the course!
- Reflect Moon is sprinting at full speed!! - M 750 215 l 944 122 l 954 137 l 757 230 - M 832 368 l 1008 281 l 1019 298 l 841 384 - m 917 524 l 1155 408 l 1164 423 l 924 539 Hello, Coco-chan.
Reflect Moon is taking part in the Brilliant Friends Cup too, right?
- Reflect Moon might have been better than Love Me Tear was last year.
- Reflect Moon might have been better than Love Me Tear was last year...
Reflect Moon might have been better than Love Me Tear was last year...
- Reflect Moon - Shirayuri Sakuya - Shirayuri Kaguya I see.
Reflect Moon Shirayuri Sakuya Shirayuri Kaguya What's going on, Kaguya-chan?
"Reflect Moon's moon jokes were hilarious as ever." "Why don't they just call themselves comedians instead of idols already?" "It's starting to hurt seeing them force the whole moon idol thing..." I'm sorry! I can't bring myself to say any more!
Reflect Moon Special Live I already told you I hate Reflect Moon...
- Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Hurry up, Michi! We'll be late!
- Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Moon princess...
- Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - New Dress Shirayuri Sakuya - New Song Lyrics Shirayuri Kaguya Special Live Centerpieces New Dress Shirayuri Sakuya New Song Lyrics Shirayuri Kaguya I will have Sakuya-san design new dresses as the show's centerpiece, Special Live Centerpieces
- Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon
Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon
- Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Special Live Centerpieces - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live which will be accompanied by a new song written by Kaguya-san.
Reflect Moon's style of having Kaguya-chan cover for you is proof that you've found your own unique Friends color.
Reflect Moon's style of having Kaguya-chan cover for you means that you've found your unique Friends color.
Reflect Moon's victory is absolute.
Reflect Moon, the Friends with the most momentum right now.
Reflect Moon was even selected to participate in the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Reflect Moon Wins Brilliant Friends Cup Here's Penne's breakfast.
Reformation after five years!
Regardless of which you take, your Friends power will be tested by the trials Mirai and I have come up with.
Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Pure Palette Work Schedule - Gourmet Report Program - Gourmet Report Program - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Amanogawa City Sweets Shop - Arrival - Arrival - Meeting start - Meeting start - Rehearsal - Rehearsal - Recording start - Recording start
- Rejected, huh.
Relax and assert full control of your movements.
Relax, relax. Have some candy.
Relax, we won't let this go on TV.
Relax, we won't let this show on TV.
Release the glimmer of flame.
Rely on your Onee-san more!
Remember how Mirai-san said that the trials were all based on something she's been hooked on?
Remember how we heard that all the trials were based on motifs of something Mirai-san's been hooked on?
Remember how we talked about mushrooms when we all went camping?
Remember the MC audition for Love Me Tear?
- Remember, the point of Miracle Audition was to raise a star of the next idol generation until her debut.
Remember, the point of the Miracle Audition was to raise a star of the next idol generation until her debut.
Remember those mushrooms from when we all went camping?
Remember to smile!
Remember to smile when you're struggling.
Remember your bond as Friends!
Remember your spacekatsu.
Replacing Karen-san and Mirai-san is the responsibility of a lifetime.
report scheduled for the same day.
Rep the whole world!
Request?
Research the place you're going early.
Research your destination beforehand.
Research your destination in advance.
Residents of the moon practice rabbit riding instead of horse riding.
- Respond to the support of our fans!
RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS Diamond Friends Cup Diamond Friends Cup Diamond Friends Cup It is time to reveal the results.
RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS RESULTS Diamond Friends Cup Diamond Friends Cup Diamond Friends Cup The winner of the Block B semifinals is...
RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS - RESULTS This personality test will let us know your compatibility as Friends.
RESULTS RESULTS The winner of the Block B semi-finals is...
Resuming filming!
Returning to the moon will put an end to everything.
Return on your own.
Revealing that she has an identical twin has made her even more popular.
Ribbons and frills on a flowing one piece ribon to furiru fuwa fuwa no wanpiisu Ribbons and frills on a flowing one piece ribon to furiru fuwa fuwa no wanpiisu The buzzing bees make my headband cute cute mitsubachi san kachuusha cute cute The buzzing bees make my headband cute cute
Ridding a rabbit...
Ride the wind!
Riding a fashion meteor all the way here!
Riding a rabbit...
Riffraffians!
Riff raff ians My men, I order you to scout boys next door!
Riff raff ians The Ninja Corps, Riffraffians!
Right!
Right?
Right.
Right...
Right after you left, we lost sight of another visitor.
Right after you left, we lost track of another visitor.
Right, Aine?
Right? All the trending vids do way more ridiculous things!
Right, and for me...
Right around the same time last year, just after I started at Star Harmony Academy, I was able to fill every seat.
Right away!
Right back at you!
Right back at you.
Right back at you. I thought you knew what I liked better.
Right, Coco-chan?
Right, Ema?
Right! Even hotter and fiercer!
Right, everyone? Unfortunately our only option is to give up and go home.
Right, everyone? Unfortunately, our only option is to give up and go home.
Right, I'm on my way.
Right, I wanted to show you this.
Right? I wanted to show you this while you were here.
Right? I was thinking the same thing.
Right, left, right, left.
Right! Let the Honey Cat Big Jewel Search commence!
Right, Lovely Friends.
Right, Maika?
Right, Mio-chan?
Right next to the heights we seek.
Right now, all I can do is focus on getting better for tomorrow.
Right now, all you must do is sing, Alicia!
Right now, I don't want to do Aikatsu.
Right now, just sing, Alicia!
Right now, Mika-chan and all of our fans are supporting us as idols from the moon in that world.
Right now, she's the idol with the most hype around her.
Right now, she's the most high profile active idol.
Right, Onee-sama?
Right over there.
Right, right?
Right, right! I used to draw like this all the time when I was little.
Right, right. "Make your fans happy." Oh, I just remembered! One of the fan letters I got had a request in it.
Right, that job was scheduled for today.
Right! That's it!
Right, the girl Aine was talking about.
Right there!
Right, this is Aikatsu.
Right... Well, as long as you're not hurt.
Right, we need to do something that's never been done before.
Right where we're trying to go.
Right, you don't need to worry about that.
Rinna! Brake, brake!
Rinna-san?
Rinna-san, Marin-san.
Rivals?
Rivals are Friends!
Rivals are Friends.
Rivals are not to compete against, but to improve with.
rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete Each tap is part of my heartbeat
Road to the future.
Roar!
Rock-paper-scissors?
Rock, paper, scissors!
Rock-paper-scissors fight!
Rodge!
Rodge! Bye-ne!
Rodge! If that's all, you can leave it to Onee-san!
Rodge! If that's all, you can leave it up to Onee-san!
Rodge! I'll eat them up until my stomach bursts!
Rodge! I'll handle this!
Rodge! I'll think up another idea.
Rodge! Leave it to Detective Ema!
Rodge! Leave it to Onee-san!
Rodge! Let's do this!
Rodge! Let's topple Pure Palette!
- Rodge rodge, pump it up! Get hype, fight on! - Ryo ryo yoisho! ten age faito!
Rodge! Take down Pure Palette!
Rog!
Rolling for the dance part!
Rolling! In five!
Rolling! Ready...
Rolling! Ready... start!
Roll! Jump! We're especially matching rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni - If we're together - issho nara
rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad Even if we trip and fall face down and start to feel bad tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni tsumazuite ochikonde hekonda ato ni - If we're together - If we're together
Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord Rosé Cheerful Coord I'm Coco!
Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord Rosé Heroic Coord I'm Coco!
Roses in full bloom blossoming upon an endlessly clear surface of water.
Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy - Honey Cat - Honey Cat - Pure Palette - Pure Palette - Dream Empress - Dream Empress - Future Mode - Future Mode - Printemps Plume - Printemps Plume - Mystic Rouge - Mystic Rouge - White Fairy - White Fairy
- Round and round it goes, a coaster of encounters - Round and round it goes, a coaster of encounters Round and round datta deachatta coosutaa Round and round datta deachatta coosutaa - More and more we spin, on a merry-go-round dream - More and more we spin, on a merry-go-round dream
R-Right!
R-Right.
R-Right...
Ruby, Sapphire, and now Diamond.
rules - kotae wa sorezore no ruuru - Everyone's answer follows their own rules - kotae wa sorezore no ruuru Say bye-bye to fear, say hi-hi to fun fuan wa bai bai tanoshimi ga bai bai Say bye-bye to fear, say hi-hi to fun fuan wa bai bai tanoshimi ga bai bai
Run around as much as I do and you'll never have to worry about how much you eat again!
Run away!
Runaway Runway!
Runaway Runway.
Running errands for the café?
Running errands for your cafe?
Running gives you little time for needless thoughts, so you orchestrated this game of tag.
Running like that gives you no time for needless thoughts, so you orchestrated this game of tag.
Running under the hot summer sun gives a high risk of heat stroke.
Saa issho ni aikatsu!
saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction manzoku nante shitakunai kara I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction
saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction
saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete saa kasane awasete Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one
saa minna de odorou yo Get in a line, we'll form a ring sen ni natte wa ni natte Get in a line, we'll form a ring sen ni natte wa ni natte Now let's Aikatsu together!
saa mogu mogu kyou mo don don I want to eat it up, keep on piling it up saa mogu mogu kyou mo don don I want to eat it up, keep on piling it up saa mogu mogu kyou mo don don Ah, I'd take all the help I can get
Sacrificing one thing to chase after another...
Sacrificing one thing to choose another...
Sad, but you've gotta say they're nothing compared to Love Me Tear.
Sadness becomes strength. Each moment we spend apart will become anticipation for our next meeting.
Sadness into strength. Each moment we spend apart will become anticipation for our next meeting.
said that, okay? Get it?
sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki When our two beams of light intersect
sakebu you na shunkan wo matteru As I wait for the moment time seems to shout sakebu you na shunkan wo matteru As I wait for the moment time seems to shout sakebu you na shunkan wo matteru - Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite - Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu
- Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito
- Sakutarou - BN Publication Editing Department - Ito - Sakutarou BN Publication... The publishers of Love Me Tear Legends?
Sakuya!
Sakuya?
Sakuya and Kaguya were the main organizers of this party.
Sakuya-chan!
Sakuya-chan?
Sakuya-chan...
Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan, I believe this is your first appearance on a variety show, correct?
Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan really did come from the moon!
- Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan spotted! - Idols are running around the city?!
Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan will be heading over after their work too.
Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan will be heading over once they're done with work too.
Sakuya-chan, how are you feeling?
Sakuya-chan, I'm glad to see you again!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan.
Sakuya-chan! Kaguya-chan!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan, congratulations on winning the Brilliant Friends Cup!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan, let's have a good show today.
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan! Over here!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan, you can do it!
Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan, you really came from the moon, right?
Sakuya-chan locked herself up in her dressing room!
Sakuya-chan need only form Friends with myself.
Sakuya-chan need only to form Friends with myself.
Sakuya-chan! Please, come out!
Sakuya-chan's brand, Luna Witch, stands out for its gothic style.
Sakuya-chan, wake up!
- Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya
- Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya - Please leave me alone - Sakuya She did not speak of the particulars, but I am certain she received an unpleasant premonition.
Sakuya-san?
Sakuya... san?
Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san sure know how to make a splash.
Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san united their hearts for the challenge.
Sakuya-san and Kaguya-san united their hearts to take on the challenge.
Sakuya-san, are you ready to go out for the second half?
Sakuya-san, Kaguya-san, I'll adjust the music and lights to be slower, so could you take your time on dress introductions?
Sakuya-san, Kaguya-san, I'll slow down the music and lights, so could you take your time on dress introductions?
Sakuya-san, Kaguya-san, thank you for the help.
Sakuya-san, Kaguya-san, what do you think?
Sakuya-san's divinations are always right.
Sakuya-san, since you came from the moon...
Sakuya-san's Nocturne Night Coord.
Sakuya-san's predictions are supposed to be 100% accurate.
Sakuya-san, when I get the chance to visit the moon, please teach me how to ride a rabbit.
Sakuya-san, your gentle personality has the power to make people honest.
Sakuya's feelings, Kaguya's wish.
Same as everyone, matching everyone minna to issho minna osoroi Same as everyone, matching everyone minna to issho minna osoroi That in itself is an important policy sore wa totemo taisetsu na porishii That in itself is an important policy sore wa totemo taisetsu na porishii I alone am different, I alone am on my own
Same as me! Let's both work hard.
Same for me! I'm not gonna lose to your Friends no matter what!
Same goes for you!
Same to you.
Same to you! I can always rely on my kendo expert!
- Same to you - Same to you Let's have Alicia-san rest here for a while.
- Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you
- Same to you - Same to you - Same to you - Same to you This is my pet Goma-chan~ ♪ This is my pet Goma-chan~ ♪ This is my pet Goma-chan~ ♪ I gathered a whole bunch.
Same to you! Your timing is way off!
Same with my mom.
- -san - -san I see... And that led to a fight between A-san and B-san.
Save the cake for dessert!
Save your cake for dessert!
Save your sweets for dessert!
Save your sweet talk for dessert!
Save your sweet thoughts for dessert!
Say "aah"!
Say "ah"!
Say bye-bye to fear, say hi-hi to fun fuan wa bai bai tanoshimi ga bai bai Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne Here you go, Aine-chan.
Say bye-bye to fear, say hi-hi to fun fuan wa bai bai tanoshimi ga bai bai Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's have a great time Le-Le-Le-Le-Let's yoroshiku ne That is...
Say cheese!
Say evol ustakia backwards and you get Aikatsu love!
Say, I don't recall Suzune telling us about a boyfriend...
Saying "aim to run a million kilometers!" You're not supposed to tell her that!
Saying hello to the new me I never expected hajimemashite no arata na watashi to Saying hello to the new me I never expected hajimemashite no arata na watashi to Today the stage is again spinning suteeji wa kyou mo ne mawaru Today the stage is again spinning suteeji wa kyou mo ne mawaru
Saying that I'm doing it for her may in fact just be something of a magic spell to give me courage.
Saying that I'm doing it for her may in fact just be something of a magic spell to grant me courage.
Saying your fans are friends is such an Aine-chan cuniqueness.
Say it is in jest.
Say it isn't so, Kaguya-chan.
Say it with me!
Say, Kaguya-chan.
Say that A-san kept it a secret she wasn't feeling well...
Say, what kind of training did you do for the Best Friends Cup?
Say what you want, but isn't that exactly what you just did?
Say what you will, I will never change my mind about the matter.
Scale?
Schnee!
Scoop! It's a scoop!
Scoops...
Score that last point and get ready to win!
- Score that last point and get ready to win! - Kimechaou yo agetekanai to ne!
s Directions to the stadium, Coco-chan!
"Sealed, ability, impatience." Moon, why must you bestow her with such a trial?
Sealed? For what purpose?
Sealed memories from ancient eras will soon awaken from their slumber...
"Sealed memories from ancient eras will soon awaken from their slumber." That's it!
"Sealed, talent, impatience." "Night clouds descend to conceal the mirror of the Moon." It foretells a great disturbance.
Searching...
Searching for "dramatic confession".
Searching Searching Searching Searching But just so you know, in the entire history of this test, only one other set of Friends has gotten this result.
Secret spices and surprises are better when they're hidden.
Securing a regular appearance on a radio show so soon after restarting Aikatsu is just like you.
Securing a regular appearance on a radio show so soon after restarting Aikatsu, you've still got it.
See?
See? Everything about us is polar opposites.
See? Everything we like are polar opposites.
Seeing Aine talk with you made me want to join too.
Seeing how much Aine-chan cared for you put me at ease.
Seeing how much fun you had doing Aikatsu made me want to start work as soon as I can.
Seeing it made me want to be friends with you too!
Seeing Maika on stage lights a fire in me.
Seeing Reflect Moon surpass my expectations, the lust for victory I'd been suppressing began to overflow.
Seeing their intimacy makes you feel a sense of coziness.
Seeing their intimacy makes you feel really cozy.
Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky
Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky
Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people
See, isn't it amazing?
Seeno, hai tacchi!
See? There are things you can't do alone, but are easy with a partner.
See? There are things you can't do alone, but can with a partner.
See ya!
See you!
See you.
See you again!
See you again.
See you again next week!
See you at the next shoot.
See you later.
See you later, Karen!
See you later, Sugar.
See you next time!
See you then!
See you tomorrow, everyone!
Seize the day!
Send all of your frienergy to her!
"Senpai"...
Senpai!
Senpai?
Senpai? Are you in here?
Senpai! What in the world happened?!
Series Series The Next Generation Diamond The Next Generation Diamond Star Harmony Academy Enjouji Tamaki Star Harmony Academy Enjouji Tamaki Revealing the Secret of Raising Young Idols Revealing the Secret of Raising Young Idols so they're interviewing her on TV and calling her the magical manager.
Seriously?
Seriously.
Seriously, don't make me laugh.
Seriously, wasshoi? Also, aren't those just stagehands?
Seriously. With that in mind, she's hanging in there.
Seriously, you know you're not supposed to go out on your own.
Seriously, you know you're not supposed to leave on your own.
- Serving as the witnesses for this Making Up Ceremony. Asuka Mirai, from Love Me Tear...
Serving as the witnesses for this Making Up Ceremony, Asuka Mirai, from Love Me Tear...
Set!
Set sail for booty!
Set them ablaze with your fire!
- Set up a few fragrances, light some candles, and lose yourself in the world of a good novel.
Several days passed after that.
Sexy!
Shadow boxing is difficult for amateurs.
Shadowboxing is difficult for beginners.
Shadow boxing! I want to know more about what you like.
Shadowboxing! I want to know more about what you like.
Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord Shakin' Party Coord I'm Coco!
Shall we?
Shall we get going?
Shall we make our return to the others?
Sharing our breathing...
Sharing our breathing, sharing our rhythm.
Sharing our breathing! Sharing our rhythm!
sharing our rhythm...
Sharing our rhythm...
Sharing that with you took a load off my shoulders. Thanks so much.
Sharing their breathing and sharing their rhythm.
Shaved ice and watermelons!
She always looks at me with a smile.
She apparently has a fever.
She became my number one Friend.
She blew away my expectations.
She blew past my expectations.
She boasts of incredible acting skills on top of a high degree of perfection in her performances.
She brought a warm aura to both the stage and the party.
She can't!
She caught me off guard, considering she's not normally one to participate in this kind of recreation.
She caught me off guard, considering she's not usually one to actively participate in this kind of recreation.
She certainly will be.
She could barely keep up with me.
She could be the paparazzi!
She could've just let us watch over the girls.
She'd definitely despise me!
She'd definitely hate me!
She did not speak of the particulars, but I'm certain she reached an unpleasant conclusion.
She doesn't hate it.
She does work even when she's off!
She escaped again!
She exudes kindness towards everybody, not just her fans.
She feels so far away...
She finally showed us her wonderful smile.
She got an urgent transmission from the Principality.
She got yelled at!
She grilled me about it on the phone.
- She has a fever apparently.
She has charisma enough to charm all who lay eyes on her.
She has much more stamina than before, and her abilities as an idol have grown as well.
She hasn't said she'll reform I Believe with Hibiki-san yet!
She has your dance choreography perfectly replicated.
She is an irreplaceable companion, by me through thick and thin.
She is my lifelong, irreplaceable companion, always at my side through thick and thin.
She is the one pillar holding up the Principality of Solvette.
She is the only pillar supporting the Principality of Solvette.
She is truly cunique!
She just doesn't listen to me.
She just had this different air about her compared to the last time we met.
She just had this different air about her than the last time we met.
She just recently made headlines when she returned from her space Aikatsu.
She laughed from her heart.
She learned several arts that could each be followed as a way of life.
She learned several arts that in themselves could each be followed as a way of life.
She let all of her emotions out on stage.
She lit a fire in me!
She'll be able to overcome this on her own.
She'll be fine. Aine-chan seems to have Sakuya-chan covered.
She'll be fine. Aine's not the kind of girl who bows to pressure.
She'll be singing the perfect song to celebrate your homecoming and Alicia-san's arrival.
She'll be singing the perfect song to celebrate your homecoming and to welcome Alicia-san.
She'll disappear?!
She looked happy.
She looks a lot like Sugar-chan.
She loves attempting new things that light a fire in her heart.
She loves to try new things that light a fire in her heart.
She might be a paparazzi!
She must have felt something from you as she watched from behind the scenes.
She must have felt something from you there.
She nailed that look with the short top and high-volume skirt.
She needs to hear how Alicia-san feels too.
She never hated it.
She only has a few lines, but she's an important character who even gets a song in the movie.
She only has a few lines, but she's a special character who even gets a song in the movie.
She overcame each hurdle as they came and made the program a huge success.
She overcame each hurdle in her way one after the other and made the program a huge success.
Sherbet.
- Sherbet. Also skiing - Sherbet. Also skiing - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well?
- Sherbet. Also skiing - Sherbet. Also skiing - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - Alicia, how are you? Is everything going well? - I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know. - I know it's a bit late to ask, but could you tell me what you like? I'd really like to know.
- Sherbet. Also skiing - Sherbet. Also skiing She replied!
She really isn't Sakuya-chan.
She risked life and limb to travel all the way here to see you.
She's a charismatic idol witch!
- She's actually a genius?! - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Back up. Why would that be a bad thing?
She's adorable!
She's afraid of bringing harm to either of you.
She said Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan are playing tag.
She said she had to win at all costs.
She said she's trying to clean up all her work way in advance so that she can travel to Solvette with them.
She said she was trying to clean up all her work in advance so that she could travel to Solvette with them.
She said you were a charming up-and-comer.
She's also writing Pure Palette Legends.
She's always had the talent, but her bad luck streak really had me concerned.
She's always like this.
She's always seemed kind of weird, but never like this.
She's a new idol who transferred from Star Harmony Academy's normal track to the idol track.
She's a rather funny girl.
She's a real life princess!
She's a real-life princess!
She's a real senpai now.
She's a second year on the idol track, just like us.
She's a top idol of Star Harmony Academy!
She's basically admitting that she's holding back.
She's both talented and reliable.
She's coming up on a match she needs to win to make the national lacrosse tournament, but her game's been lacking.
She seems... different?
She's even good enough to be chosen as the representative of the Junior Japan Shewees!
She's even good enough to make it onto Japan's Junior National Deam!
She's got a collar on.
She's got an eye for this.
She's got you down.
She's having a staring contest with Penne for some reason.
She's here.
She should be able to hear how Alicia-san feels too.
She should be in those woods, so would you mind bringing it over?
She's like... a phoenix.
She's like a reliable older sister!
She slurred it.
She's my partner! I guess you could call her my Friend.
She's my precious friend.
She's never shy when it comes to work, though.
She's no ordinary person.
She's not anywhere?
She's not here!
She's not me.
She's not usually like that.
She sounded so desperate to get back to Aikatsu.
She's out running under the blazing sun?
She's Paparazzi-san.
She spouts off about everything I cook.
She's President Nekoyashiki.
She's pretty and stylish!
She's radiating heat like a stove!
She's really incredible.
She's right.
She's right. I knew from the start that I'd be punching above my weight.
She's right. I knew from the start that I'd have to punch above my weight.
She's right. I've always relied on her.
She's right! You'll be just fine.
She's sleeping while standing!
She's so adorable!
She's so beautiful.
She's so beautiful...
She's so considerate.
She's so cool!
She's so cool.
She's so enthusiastic!
She's so kind and beautiful.
She's so lucky!
She's so picky about everything I cook.
She's so pretty.
She's so similar.
She's so young.
She's still concerned about her five years off.
She's still not here?
She's super cunique, and has the chops to back it up.
She's super cunique, and has the chops to boot.
She's talented, and just as reliable.
She's taught me so much about how to be a proper idol.
She stepped up and joined me on stage.
She's the Aikatsu Navi, Coco-chan.
She's the designer for Dancing Mirage.
She's the idol from the moon, Shirayuri Sakuya-chan.
She's the idol you all know and love, Minato Mio-san!
She's the magazine's head editor.
She's the one who's always to kind to me.
She's totally gone over here too.
She's totally right.
She suddenly jumped into my life and became my friend.
She thinks on a totally different scale.
She used to say that exact line to us, too.
She used to watch their DVDs with Dad all the time.
She wanted to become a top idol so badly she forgot she was a ghost.
She wanted to become Friends with her, but Nako-chan's going to stay in Nagoya through all of middle school, so she was anxious about the long-distance relationship.
She wants to climb higher than any other idol has ever gone before.
She wants to overcome all barriers and deliver her love to everyone in the world to warm their hearts.
She wants to prioritize Honey Cat until the Diamond Friends Cup in winter.
She wants to rise above all walls and deliver her love to everyone in the world to warm their hearts.
She was filled with the premonition her love would last but a single heartbeat hon no isshun de idaita koi wa kanawanai yokan ga shite If only they had never met, her tears would have remained dry deawanakereba kitto naitari shinakatta If only they had never met, her tears would have remained dry
She was given an uninhabited island for her third birthday!
She washed away all my stress with happiness.
She was like a different person once the cameras were on!
She was right. Mio-chan looks way better in that one.
She was right. That one looks way better on Mio-chan.
She was so adorable and precious, and I loved her with all my heart.
She was so darling and precious, and I loved her with all my heart.
She was so far away, like she was above the clouds, with no chance of me catching up.
She was so radiant!
She was talking about a scoop.
She went all that way just to get Mio-chan's present?
She won't accept reforming. That's how determined she is to win.
She won't accept the restart.
She won't know unless you tell her.
She worked so hard for this.
shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte - Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de - Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de
shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte And you'll find an endless horizon shikai wa saewatatte Move heaven and earth with your will tenchi yurugasu ishi de Move heaven and earth with your will tenchi yurugasu ishi de
Shimendou Noa-san, right?
Shine brighter than everyone, Mirai!
Shine brighter than the stars, Mirai!
Shine bright, Mirai!
Shine bright, Mirai.
Shine brilliantly, my color!
Shine brilliantly, my color.
Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned
Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend kachi no aru kizu wo mote kedakasa kizami kome
Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Shining Bright Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned and carve your names into legend Be proud of the scars you've earned
- Shinobu-chan who I met at an audition - Sakuya-chan who came from the moon Being around you both puts me in such a comfortable mood.
shiranai mirai wo shiritai no - Yeah, that means right now - sou ima sugu - So that means right now - mou ima sugu Aine!
shiranai mirai wo shiritai no - Yeah, that means right now - sou ima sugu - So that means right now - mou ima sugu Très bien! That was fabulous!
shiranai mirai wo shiritai no - Yeah, that means right now - sou ima sugu - So that means right now - mou ima sugu With this...
Shirayuri Kaguya is clad in the White Pittoresque Coord.
Shirayuri Kaguya - Shirayuri Sakuya - Shirayuri Kaguya - Reflect Moon - Shirayuri Sakuya - Shirayuri Kaguya - Reflect Moon - Shirayuri Sakuya Please leave me alone Sakuya Sakuya-chan locked herself inside the dressing room?!
Shirayuri Sakuya!
Shirayuri Sakuya.
- Shirayuri Sakuya and Shirayuri Kaguya, the twin idols have formed their Friends, Reflect Moon. They burst onto the Aikatsu scene like shooting stars.
Shirayuri Sakuya is clad in the Midnight Indigo Coord.
Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Even if I can fill in for the divination, the song still worries me.
Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Her name's Kaguya-chan.
Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" Theme Song CD Release and Handshake Event Shirayuri Sakuya "Let Us Meet Above the Full
- Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating - Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating I was only able to pass the audition thanks to you training with me daily.
- Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating - Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating Sakuya-oneesama, I'm quite glad that your acting and song performance were well received.
- Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating - Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating - Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating - Shirayuri Sakuya's first role in "Let Us Meet Above the Full Moon" 97% Approval Rating
Shirayuri Sakuya. She's on the up-and-up, attracting a wide range of fans.
Shirayuri Sakuya. She's on the up-and-up, even amongst the general population.
- Shirayuri Sakuya - Shirayuri Sakuya - Shirayuri Kaguya - Shirayuri Kaguya - Yuuki Aine - Yuuki Aine - Minato Mio - Minato Mio - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Hinata Ema - Hinata Ema Standing far above the rest with voters saying "her sleeping face is cute" is Shirayuri Sakuya-san!
- Shirayuri Sakuya - Waiting Room What a situation we're in.
Shirayuri-san has a limited amount of time, so we'll take her legendary fairy lines first.
Shirayuri-san, thank you for your work.
Shocked by Alicia's rejection, I started over from scratch with spacekatsu and polished my radiance as an idol once more.
Shogi.
Shot down...
- Shot down, huh.
Should I perhaps admit that I'm a princess publicly?
Shouldn't you already be there by now?
Shouldn't you stop the clock for now?
Shouldn't you temporarily stop the clock on the deadline?
Should we really accept it?
Should we take one just in case?
Should you not drop everything and run there at once?
Shouting and exerting my body as much as possible has got me thinking the same thing.
Shout louder!
Show me.
Show me what your Aikatsu can do.
Show me your determination.
Show me your smile.
Show me yours, Mio-chan.
Show me your will!
show off who you really are hokorashiku odorou hitamuki ni tsutaeyou Dance without a care and show off who you really are hokorashiku odorou hitamuki ni tsutaeyou Hotter and hotter atsuku atsuku Hotter and hotter atsuku atsuku Hotter and hotter atsuku atsuku - With each step make a sound, as you wave that lace around - furoa narashite reesu yurashite - With each step make a sound, as you wave that
Show them the ropes.
Show us a miracle.
Shuffle Friends!
Shuffle Friends?!
Shuffle Friends brought us new challenges, allowing us to break out of our shells.
- Shuffle Friends have already caught fire!
- Shuffle Friends have already caught fire! - Shuffle Friends have already caught fire!
- Shune!
Shune!
Silly faces with my senpai!!
Simply astounding, Onee-sama.
Since becoming an idol, I've made so many friends.
Since becoming Diamond Friends, their momentum has only increased.
Since Coco-chan's serious about it, let's get serious too.
Since it's a mystery tour and all, I'll try to go with the flow and just have fun.
Since it's a mystery tour and all, I'll try to match your pace and just have fun.
Since it's my job, I have to find scoops, one way or another.
Since my friend is asking, I'd love to!
Since Solvette's smiles are on the line, just tell this fest to bring it on!
- Since the competition ended, we've been so busy we had no time to breathe.
Since the day Pure Palette was formed, they have grown an unbelievable amount as Friends.
Since the day you locked that box, you have closed off your heart as well.
Since the great frost fell upon Solvette, I have used every method available in an attempt to save it.
Since then I've had a one-track mind for Aikatsu.
Since then, I've had a one-track mind for Aikatsu.
Since the very first day we met, you've been consistently growing as an idol one step at a time.
Since the very first day we met, you've kept growing as an idol one step at a time.
Since today is a festival, she chose her song accordingly.
Since today is a festival, she's decided on an appropriate song.
Since we formed Pure Palette, I've made so many fans and dresses and friends, and it's been so much fun.
Since we have beginners with us, we'll start with some Aikatsu basics.
Since we have some time before rehearsal, do you mind if I focus on designing for a while?
Since we have some time before rehearsal, mind if I focus on designing for a while?
Since we have the chance, I'd like to give everyone a little Aikatsu experience.
Since we'll face them eventually, I'd like to pair with Love Me Tear right away.
Since we're here and all, I wanted...
Since we've got the opportunity, I'd like to give everyone a little Aikatsu experience.
Since we were children, I've done little more than follow in her footsteps.
Since you came all the way out here, could I offer you a tour before you go?
"Since you came from the moon, how did you make it down to Earth?" You see...
Since you're here, why don't you take some to remember our trip?
Since you're here, why not collect some to use as presents?
- Singing and frolicking - utai asondeita - Singing and frolicking - utai asondeita - Singing and frolicking - utai asondeita - There lived two princesses - futari no purinsesu - There lived two princesses - futari no purinsesu - There lived two princesses - futari no purinsesu When suddenly they learned
- Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can
- Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can Utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto
single thing, unchanging mieteiru no wa tatta hitotsu kawaranai All that I can see is a single thing, unchanging mieteiru no wa tatta hitotsu kawaranai Strongly, beautifully, unhesitatingly gentle tsuyoku utsukushiku mayowazu ni yasashiku Strongly, beautifully, unhesitatingly gentle tsuyoku utsukushiku mayowazu ni yasashiku Yes, not for anybody else sou hoka no dare demo nai
Sing the anthem of your heart!
Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing Use eyes to communicate with fans Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes
Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics Consider the audience in the very back too Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes
- Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings
Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back - Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings
Sir!
Sister!
Sister?
Sister.
Sister...
Sister has been offering her entire being solely to save our country from its neverending winter.
Sister has been running our country's affairs in place of Father this entire time.
Sister, the neighboring country's minister has arrived.
Sister, the weather minister and prophesy minister have urgent news.
Sister was doing Aikatsu in secret.
Sit still and listen to her.
Skiing is great too.
Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Do an impression Do an impression Do an impression
Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn Skip a turn
Skip high up into the air takaku sukippu shite Skip high up into the air takaku sukippu shite Skip high up into the air takaku sukippu shite Playing and having a ton of fun genki ippai sawagou yo Playing and having a ton of fun genki ippai sawagou yo Playing and having a ton of fun
Slacklining?
Sleeping Beauty?
Sleeping Beauty's prince is supposed to wake her up with a kiss.
- Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life - rafu ni rappo rakka rakuraku raifu yukkuri yukou
Smell ya later!
Smiles...
Smiles are slowly returning to the people.
Smiles are the seeds that bloom into flowers of happiness.
Snack time!
Snack? Which?
- Sneakers for sure!
- Sneakers it is.
- Snipping snipping, mixing mixing - choki choki maze maze - Snipping snipping, mixing mixing - choki choki maze maze - And oh so cute - kawaii mo - And oh so cute - kawaii mo - Mix in scariness too - kowai mo maze maze - Mix in scariness too - kowai mo maze maze
Snow boots came in handy for trekking through all the snow.
Snowdan.
Snow White Maidens!
So?
So.
So...
So, about Aine-chan...
So Aine... you do the same!
So anyways, just let me produce the entire thing myself!
So anyways, just let me produce your Making Up Ceremony!
Soar above the skies, Karen!
So are we! We're super happy we got to learn all about you both.
Soar higher than the skies, Karen!
Soar high, Karen!
Soar high, Karen.
So a way to express vastness in a video?
So basically a messenger who brings Aikatsu to everyone. That fits you to a T!
So big!
So bright!
So by betraying Kozue-san, you meant...
So, calligraphy and flower arranging.
Social media's been flooded with posts about Love Me Tear too.
So cold!
So cold and sweet!
So cool!
So cute!
So cute.
So delicious!
So? Did it work?
So did you!
So? Did you pick a brand?
So distant that no matter how far I extend my hand, I will never reach it.
So do I! I love your cuniqueness, Mirai-san!
So do you!
So Ema-chan already understood how Maika feels.
So, essentially... how does that work?
- So even if we somehow managed to beat you, that victory wouldn't count!
So even Mio-chan gets like this sometimes.
So everyone in your family is a designer, Mio?
So far on Aikatsu Friends!
So far on Aikatsu Friends.
So far we have Love Me Tear, Honey Cat, Reflect Moon, and Wakaba-chan in the fest.
So fly with all your might, Karen.
So for this one, we'll leave all the details to you.
So fun!
So, has any brand caught your eye?
So here we are, inside the house Onee-sama and I live in.
So her sister Kaguya sang instead?
So hey.
So hey, do you think Kaguya-chan will be an idol too?
So hey, do you think Kaguya-chan will become an idol too?
So hey, wanna come out with us later?
So hey, what exactly does a goodwill ambassador do?
So hot!
So hot...
So, how about it? I think it's perfect for you.
So I did.
So I didn't even consider...
So I figured I'd use that as a motif for your set of trials.
So if we use this papa big beauty creative...
So, if you'd like, I could perform a divination for you.
So I hear you'll be going solo for a while?
So I invited her to Aikatsu together with me, but...
So I'll improve on both!
So I never thought that we could ever lose to Reflect Moon.
So intensely that no color or light can outshine it!
So in this scene, Fly would be feeling...
So I spoke with the wholesaler...
So I thought... that this would be Love Me Tear's last concert!
So I tried doing everything I could think of to help her in some way.
So it's for your family.
So it's really too bad, but we should give up and go home...
So it wasn't that she retired.
- So I will be here spinning, spinning, and always "me" - dakara mawatte kururi kururi "watashi" Chigakawa ga ii!
- So I will be here spinning, spinning, and always "me" - dakara mawatte kururi kururi "watashi" - Cunique is the way to be! - Chigakawa ga ii!
So jump over it all and beyond that you'll definitely make a buzz!
So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai
soko ni shikai nai mirai Can lead to hidden futures soko ni shikai nai mirai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that kitto mai peesu de iin da yo machigatte nanka nai So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that kitto mai peesu de iin da
soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai soko ni shika nai mirai
So learning how they always kept me in their thoughts made me happy.
So let's gather everyone up here takusan yonde atsumarou So let's gather everyone up here takusan yonde atsumarou So let's gather everyone up here takusan yonde atsumarou And go beyond our imaginations souzou haruka koeteyukou And go beyond our imaginations souzou haruka koeteyukou And go beyond our imaginations souzou haruka koeteyukou
So let's set off!
So let's wear these Best Friends Rare Dresses we made together and win this thing!
So like a year's supply of sports drinks.
So like you said, the amount of time we can spend together will be cut drastically.
So like you said, the amount of time we can spend together will be cut drastically shorter.
So long.
So long as Gemini is on my side I'll keep burning bright gemini ga aru kagiri kagayaku kara I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa I will transform chance into fate like drawing a map guuzen nante hitsuzen ni kaeru wa
So long as I am able to express the full brilliance of this magnificent dress upon the stage, then surely...
So long as it's not a bother, may I assist you with a divination in gratitude for your earlier recommendation?
So long as it's not a bother, would you allow me to divine what you should do in gratitude for your earlier recommendation?
So long as our fans are out there, we must move on to the next stage.
So long as there's Aikatsu!
So long as we stand on the same stage, we're rivals.
So long as you follow the path of an idol, you'll encounter both victory and defeat.
So long as you follow the path of an idol, you'll have to face both victories and defeats.
So long as you remain vigilant of your body's senses, you can remain upright even if you lose your balance.
So long as you remain vigilant of your body's senses, you can stay upright even if you lose your balance.
So Love Me Tear had a period like that too.
Solvette is a tiny country.
So many dresses!
Somebody, please come and save us!
someday grow full again itsu no hi ka tsuki ga michiru you ni Just as the moon will someday grow full again itsu no hi ka tsuki ga michiru you ni May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka May her heart become whole as well kaketa kokoro douka
Some fans are even endorsing the extension of the swap period.
Somehow it seems I managed to preserve Onee-sama's honor.
Somehow that wish was heard, and a miracle happened!
Some may even be angry that I had kept it a secret.
Someone fell down from the sky?
Someone goes missing behind the scenes at a flashy show.
Someone goes missing behind the scenes of a flashy show.
Someone, help!!
Someone I'm interested in...
Someone must be feeling troubled.
Somersault Attack!
Some sort of energy that draws friends to her, so frienergy?
Something as large as the earth.
Something crazy is going on!
- Something essential to being an idol?
Something happen?
Something important...
Something important... Could it be?!
Something important I'm missing...
Something inside of you seems to have cleared up.
Something is missing.
Something I wouldn't normally do?
Something like a chilled dessert dressed with leaves of mint?
Something like the legend Alicia-san told us about, where the unrefined jewels could bring about miracles.
Something like the legend of the unrefined jewels being able to awaken miracles.
Something on a large scale...
Something only we can do?
Something so important she had to travel all the way here to discuss it...
Something so important she traveled all the way here to discuss it...
Something's on your mind, isn't it?
Something that's never been before.
Something this minor isn't enough to phase me.
- Something vital?
Sometimes you act recklessly too.
Sometimes you focus too hard on following the choreography that your movements end up sloppy.
Sometimes you need to stop and smell the roses.
Somewhere else, Hibiki is doing the very best Aikatsu she can.
Somewhere familiar.
Somewhere that seems impossible at first blush...
Somewhere you couldn't ordinarily go...
So Mio-chan used to be pure and innocent too!
So Mio-chan used to be this pure and innocent too!
So Mio-chan, why did you pick Aine as your Friends partner?
So Mio, whose confession made your heart race the most?
So much that I can talk to you like this.
So much that it's hard to believe?
So much that it still feels surreal.
So next on the schedule...
Songs are your soul's cry!
- Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival - Song Survival Song Survival
- Song Survival - Song Survival Talent Talent Talent Talent Is what I can read.
So now it's our turn to return the favor!
So now they're starting a new contrasting brand based on a brilliant, moonlit night.
So once again, I'll be giving pen name Dream Maiden-san my real advice.
So please!
So please...
So please, give a big, big round of applause to Mirai-san!
So postponing, let alone cancelling, is out of the question.
So Pure Palette is still not back together?
sora wo miage rin to tatazumu oujisama ga ita Looking up to the skies, there stood a noble guise, a prince all for herself sora wo miage rin to tatazumu oujisama ga ita Like the first time she discovered Gemini swimming through that sea of darkness yami no umi wo oyogu gemini
sore demo yagate toki ga kite The fallen snow will one day begin to melt tsumotta yuki wa toke meguriyuku The fallen snow will one day begin to melt tsumotta yuki wa toke meguriyuku And life goes on zutto ikiteiru And life goes on zutto ikiteiru Firstly it wavers, firstly I swear
Sore ga aikatsu!
So, right now you're balancing Aikatsu and lacrosse, but have you decided on one to prioritize going forward?
Sorry!
Sorry.
Sorry...
Sorry about the ruckus.
Sorry about this! I'll be right back.
Sorry, Aine-chan! I need to go look for the delishrooms with Maika, so could you go shopping instead?
Sorry for all the hubbub!
Sorry for interrupting your work.
Sorry for messing that up.
Sorry for scaring you like that.
Sorry for taking off at such a critical time.
Sorry for taking up your day off.
Sorry for the wait.
Sorry, give me a moment.
Sorry, I can't believe it, but I was holding the map upside down.
- Sorry I can't go with you, even though it's our field trip.
Sorry. I'd really like to stay and help, but I have an interview.
Sorry, I know I'm being selfish.
Sorry, I'll be quick.
Sorry, I'm being weird. I just can't stop shaking for some reason.
Sorry I'm late, Mio!
Sorry, I said too much.
Sorry, it just came out. I take it back!
- Sorry, it's finally the field trip and now I can't go.
Sorry, it's finally the field trip and now we can't go together.
Sorry it took a while!
Sorry, I was in a rush!
Sorry I wasn't able to be there for you during the Diamond Friends Cup.
Sorry, Maika.
Sorry, Mio.
Sorry, Mio! I had to help a lost girl find her way...
Sorry, my fingers were 3.2 millimeters off.
Sorry, our flight arrived late!
Sorry, our flight was delayed!
Sorry, sorry...
Sorry, sorry! I'll say it!
Sorry, sorry! I still haven't finished making a new design.
Sorry, sorry! Trick of the light.
Sorry to barge in before your show.
Sorry to disappoint you, but I can't remember.
Sorry to force you into that.
Sorry to interrupt, but would you mind playing rock-paper-scissors?
Sorry we can't make it today!
Sorry, we'll do karaoke next time.
Sorry! We need to leave for work now, and won't be back until tonight.
So Sakuya-chan was a twin!
So she took a spaceship to Earth, and then rode a bus the rest of the way... I guess.
So show me your smile too, Alicia!
So smile, Schnee.
SOS! My friends are in a pinch!
SOS! My friends are in trouble!
So sweet!
So, tea ceremony and flower arranging.
So tell me, what's it like studying makeup?
- So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu Predictions try so uselessly to invite us towards destiny yokan wa itazura ni izanau shukumei ni Predictions try so uselessly to invite us towards destiny yokan wa itazura ni izanau shukumei ni
- So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu - So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu Although you are still not yet aware, reflections in a mirror can't compare
So that is what an idol's live performance is like! It's incredible!
- So that means right now - mou ima sugu ~Everyone's Sceneries~
- So that means right now - mou ima sugu To think that idols were in fact such divine, wonderful people!
- So that means right now - mou ima sugu You can't help but smile when you watch them.
So that one day, we'll be as tightly connected as you all!
So that's Alicia-san.
So that's how you got lost.
So that's it!
So that's the sitch.
So that's the story behind it...
So that's what she meant.
So that's what you've been up to...
So that's why.
So that's why you got lost.
So that was it, Onee-sama.
So that was making you feel depressed.
So that was what had you down.
So that we can be each other's greatest Friend...
So, the place we're going is actually really meaningful to me.
So, the place we're going is actually somewhere really meaningful to me.
So the thing is, any idol who comes to Penguin Café...
So they are the Diamond Friends.
So they're cheering you on to win for us too.
So they're interviewing her on TV and calling her the magic manager.
So, think you'll be able to make up?
So this is a Diamond Dress! I want to wear one someday too!
So this is what it's like backstage!
So this is where they make dramas!
So this is where you've been!
So this is why you've been sneaking around late at night?
So this is your family's café.
So tired...
So too has the number of Pure Palette fans.
So totally unfathomable...
sotto kurikaesareru kokyuu ga It too is full of life koko ni mo aru It too is full of life koko ni mo aru Like a mother's eyes embracing her child waga ko daku haha no me Like a mother's eyes embracing her child waga ko daku haha no me
sotto me wo tojite ookiku iki wo haku no All that I can hear is the restless flow of time kikoeru no wa hashiru jikan no shousou All that I can hear is the restless flow of time kikoeru no wa hashiru jikan no shousou All that I can see is a
Sou da! kore ga aikatsu!
Sou da! kore ga aikatsu! sore ga aikatsu!
sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one Now, dance as if you're one
sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded
Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord Soul Destiny Coord I'm Coco!
Sounds about right.
Sounds good.
Sounds like it worked!
Sounds like Tamaki-san was already on top of her game.
Sounds like Tamaki-san was already on top of it.
Sounds like things are heating up.
Sounds like you finally relaxed.
Sounds like your Aikatsu's proceeding smoothly.
Sounds right.
sou tada hitori dake no watashi wa watashi wo atsume ni iku no I will go on collecting all the pieces of the me that only I can be sou tada hitori dake no watashi wa watashi wo atsume ni iku no Karen-san's performance was so noble and comforting.
sou tada hitori dake no watashi wa watashi wo atsume ni iku no I will go on collecting all the pieces of the me that only I can be sou tada hitori dake no watashi wa watashi wo atsume ni iku no You did great, Karen.
sou utaitsudzukeru ai no uta wo I will forever continue to sing this song of love sou utaitsudzukeru ai no uta wo In the palm of our hands sono te ni totte In the palm of our hands sono te ni totte Is a warmth that needs no other reason to be embraced
So we came to look!
So we came to see!
- So we decided to take her to her destination, - and just when we were celebrating a job well done...
- So we escorted her to where she was going...
So we escorted her to where she was going, and just when we were celebrating a job well done...
So we just have to catch those pastries while driving.
So we'll do this...
So we're putting our spot on the line as the stakes.
So we should make the most of it.
So we weren't just imagining things!
So what about you?
So, what about you?
So what are your aspirations going forward?
So what if I was chosen?
So what if there's a devastating misfortune?
So what now?
So what's this reason?
So, what's this you're both scared of?
So what's up?
So what've you got? A new drama?
So, what will you do?
So? When are you going to restart I Believe?
So whenever you're in trouble, just come to us and bring it on, Sakuya-chan!
So, when is it?
So... where's Aine?
So why are they chasing you?
So, why is it that you wanted to meet us so badly?
So you came to deliver it in person?
So you came to me for advice.
So you'd like to restart Pure Palette, but you can't do it without getting a spark?
So you got into a fight with Aine-chan.
So you mean...
So you're Aine-kun? I've read much about you from Mio's airmail.
So you're Aine-kun? I've read much about you in Mio's letters.
So you really have to bring together a lot of different people and brands.
So you're already an idol, Suzuka-chan!
So you're also a twin, Mika-chan.
So you're attending this high school?
So you're Kaguya-chan, Michi!
So you're Sakuya-chan, and you must be Kaguya-chan.
So you're Wakaba-chan's childhood friend, Kozue-san.
So your issue is that while you'd like to reform Pure Palette, you don't feel right doing so without a spark?
So your job is to bring together all sorts of different people and brands.
So your name is Sugar?
So you turned to the Snow White Maidens?
So you two did end up deciding to form Friends together!
So you were childhood friends with her, Kozue-san.
So yummy!
Space?!
Space Aikatsu?
Space Aikatsu is doing doing idol activities in outer space.
Space Aikatsu literally means she was in outer space.
Space, flame, gem.
Spacekatsu sounds so awesome!
Space Phoenix Strike!
Spare me!
Speak freely, Snowdan.
Speaking of long, noses!
Speaking of mush!
Speaking of things to look forward to, there's also Christmas Eve.
Speaks frankly Crisp expression Mio Intelligent Speaks gently Soft expression Soft expression I agree.
Speak up.
Special: Aikatsu starting from Zero!
Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live A Special Live of our own?
Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live Reflect Moon Special Live?
Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live And at such a large venue...
Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live - Reflect Moon Special Live
Special makeup effects are incredible.
Special Stage Special Stage Special Stage Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Happiness For All Happiness For All Happiness For All Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Special Stage Special Stage Special Stage Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Happiness For All Happiness For All Happiness For All
Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord Spicy Kitty Coord I'm Coco!
Splendid.
Splendid, Mio!
Splendid! They pulled it off!
spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the
spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight
spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight
spotlight within reach te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight
Spreading harmony.
Spreading Harmony ♪ Spreading Harmony ♪ Spreading Harmony ♪ I would like to cordially welcome you all to Star Harmony Academy.
Squee!
Squee?
Squee-ee!
Squeeeeee!
Squee-ee-ee! Pure Palette rocks!
Squee! I get to see a Friends present exchange with my own two eyes!
Squee! I'm so excited!
Squee! Isn't this Material Color's newest product?
Squee! It's Maika-san and Ema-san!
Squee-quee-quee! Pure Palette rocks!
Squee! So many cosmetics!
Squee! Their angelic hymns resound across the northern lands!
Squee! What'll I do if I get scouted?
Sque-Sque-Squee!
Squ-Squ-Squee!
S-Same to you.
S-See right through...
S-Seriously?
S-So I just had the wrong idea all along?!
S-So it is!
S-So on today's show, we'd like to chat with Alicia-san about a few things to get to know her better.
S-Sorry!
S-Sorry.
S-Sorry! I got lost along the way.
S-So these are your Diamond Dress cards!
S-So what?!
S-So you want to know more about romantic relationships?
S-S-Sorry! Not even Coco knows what to make of it.
S-S-S-S-S-S...
S-S-S-S-S-S-Squeeeee!
Stamina is the concrete that holds the bricks together!
Stamina is the mortar that holds the bricks together!
Stand!
Standby?
Stand down, Snowdan.
- Standing above all other super culturists, - Standing atop the hierarchy of all other super culturists, He does not believe that idols have a place in Japanese culture, and vehemently detests them.
Standing alongside Mirai-san on stage was amazing.
Standing far above all other super culturists, he is the ultra connoisseur whose name strikes fear into the hearts of others...
Star Harmony Academy...
Star Harmony Academy has been contracted to hold a special live at Amanogawa City's Bird Girl Fest this year.
Star Harmony Academy High School Bye-ne!
Star Harmony Academy High School Open Campus Notice Star Harmony Academy High School open campus?
- Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice - Star Harmony Academy High School - Open Campus Notice
Star Harmony Academy High School Open Campus Notice Yup! It's the one day that people from outside the school are free to come in and check out the campus.
- Star Harmony Academy New Student Debut Concert - Star Harmony Academy New Student Debut Concert - Star Harmony Academy New Student Debut Concert It's gentle and cute, but also has this proper air about it.
- Star Harmony Academy - Star Harmony Academy - High School - High School So this is the high school! Just wow!
Star Harmony Academy Yuuki Aine I honestly remember all my lines...
- Star Harmony - Star Harmony - Star Harmony - Christmas Live - Christmas Live - Christmas Live This'll be our first time all singing together.
- Star Romance Wars - Roles: Two lovers!!
Star Romance Wars Roles: Two lovers!!
stars in the distance.
Start by memorizing your lines!
- Starting from the left!
- Starting from the right!
Starting now?
Starting this spring, we've advanced to Star Harmony Academy's high school.
Starting today, we will officially begin preparations for your show.
Starting today, you are the muse of Dancing Mirage.
Starting today, you are the must of Dancing Mirage.
Starting tomorrow, Honey Cat will be fully devoted to prepping for our worldwide tour.
Starting us off is a letter from radio name Queen Squeen-san.
Starting us off is a message from radio name Speaky Squee-san.
- Start with the mascara! - Mazu wa masukara!
State your business.
Stay away!
Stay excited, and see you all then!
Step two is confirming the song and dance.
Still!
Still...
Still, aren't we working with rather prominent celebrities today?
Still, aren't we working with very prominent celebrities today?
Still, hearing it directly's kind of embarrassing.
Still, I think it's best to take your time and shop around.
Still, it looks like I have nothing to worry about.
Still, it's not good to overwork yourselves. Just take it easy.
Still, I was kind of surprised.
Still, there are too many to go through...
Still, what are we supposed to do for the people who came to see Sakuya-san's event?
Stop!
Stop.
Stop right there!
- Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings Use eyes to communicate with fans - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing - Use eyes to communicate with fans
- Stop sharply when necessary - Don't be ashamed at mistakes - Dance fully aware of dress movements - Don't lie to your own feelings Use eyes to communicate with fans - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing Use eyes to communicate with fans
Stop slouching, Kazune.
Stop that! We're not going there to play around!
Stop the cameras!
Stop! Why are you bringing that up?
- Storyboard - Bag concept: "A bag you'll want to take everywhere!" Feature: Somewhat large yet extremely light - These two idols never go anywhere without this bag. That includes time off, but also when they have work and go on stage!! They turn while facing the camera to show that the bag is big enough to fit everything. - Product name: TBD
straight out of a fairy tale otogibanashi no you na monogatari Stories of this world straight out of a fairy tale otogibanashi no you na monogatari Stories of this world straight out of a fairy tale otogibanashi no you na monogatari We'll be waiting for you to come visit us
Stride into the semis in three days with confidence.
Strike while the spark is hot!
Stringfish Rice - Chiharu-san...
Strong enough to betray divination ashita sae uranaenai Strong enough to betray divination ashita sae uranaenai Just as the moon will someday grow full again itsu no hi ka tsuki ga michiru you ni Just as the moon will someday grow full again itsu no hi ka tsuki ga michiru you ni
stubborn demon Gankoyama Oniemon-san!
Studio A Macaron CM Always a pleasure.
Studio A Macaron CM I had been planning to claim the newly available stage time for Reflect Moon, but you snatched it from under my nose.
Studio A Macaron CM Recording m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 but you snuck right past me to snatch it.
Studio A Macaron CM Tamaki-san likes to throw crazy curveballs at us sometimes.
stuffed I'll be truly happy kaban ippai ni nattara shiawase na no Sugar is lovely, milky is fine for tea sugar ga raburii milky mo ii Sugar is lovely, milky is fine for tea sugar ga raburii milky mo ii Sugar is lovely, milky is fine for tea sugar ga raburii milky mo ii
Stuffed with pretty and sexy!
Stupid Aine!
subete wa ima deau tame Everything was for us to reunite subete wa ima deau tame Looking down with smiles we clasped our hands utsumuki waratte te wo totta no Looking down with smiles we clasped our hands utsumuki waratte te wo totta no Looking down with smiles we clasped our hands
subete wa saisho kara kimatteiru no Both have been decided from the very start subete wa saisho kara kimatteiru no Well done, everyone. Thank you for all your help.
subete wa saisho kara kimatteiru no Both have been decided from the very start subete wa saisho kara kimatteiru no You all...
Subscribe - Comments - Subscribe This girl playing Cinderella sure is cute.
Such boldness...
Such cold eyes...
Such refreshing designs befitting a summer's night!
Such spectacular dresses, and what a united performance.
Such trifling barriers do not faze me.
Such warm smiles...
Sugar!
Sugar, aren't you glad?
Sugar-chan!
Sugar-chan?
Sugar had a wonderful time with your help.
Sugar, I didn't know you were famous!
Sugar Melody...
Sugar... Melody?
Sugar Melody and Material Color suddenly decided to make a joint collection.
Sugar Melody makes the best dresses!
Sugar Melody's got an all-star designer in Chiharu-san.
Sugar Melody's Little Charmant Coord is so cute with its music note motif.
Sugar Melody's Melody Diamond Coord.
Summer break is a time to relax, so we're good either way.
Summer break is a time to relax, so we're okay either way.
- Summer Idol Special Summer Idol Special Summer Idol Special Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special?
Summer vacation! Bring it on!
- ♪ Summervacation ♪whollyenjoying!
♪ Summervacation ♪whollyenjoying!
Summer vacation with my role models!
Sunlight is particularly dangerous for...
- Super Culturists Descend Tonight!!
Super skyscrapers in Dubai!
Super yummy!
- Sure!
Sure!
Sure.
Sure...
Sure. All of my fans are also my precious friends.
Sure, and good luck.
Sure, both Ema and I have experience acting, but...
Sure, everything looks right.
Sure, go ahead.
Sure, good idea.
Sure, good luck.
Sure, got it.
Sure, have fun.
Sure, I'd love it!
Sure, I'd love to!
Sure, I'll do it!
Sure, I'll give you a hand.
Sure. I'm so excited to see what you got me!
Sure is.
Sure is. What shall we do?
Sure, let's do it.
Sure! Let's go, Mio-chan.
Sure, of course.
Sure, please go ahead!
Sure! Same to you!
Sure, sounds good to me.
Sure takes me back to the old days of wanting to be idols.
Sure thing.
Sure thing! I'm so hyped to finally get a chance to sing together!
Sure thing. This is the method I use for designing.
Sure! We can shine even brighter.
Sure! We can surely shine even brighter.
Sure, we'd be happy to have you.
Sure. We'll do our best, Ema-chan.
Sure, we'll give it a whirl.
Sure, with pleasure!
Sure, you got it!
Sure, you have our support.
Surpass... Karen-san.
Surpass Love Me Tear!
Surpass Love Me Tear.
Surpass... Mio-chan?
Surprised?
- ♪ Surpriseguest ♪honeycat - Like! - Sugar and Honey Cat had a great event!
- ♪ Surpriseguest ♪honeycat Tripled?
- Surprise Party - Let's do it!
Surprise Party Let's do it!
- Surprise Party - Let's do it! - Time - June 20 - Noon - Place - Star Harmony Academy High School Quad - Contents - Performance Snacks Aroma foot bath Girl talk - Be sure to come!
Surprise Party - Surprise Party - Let's do it!
Surrounded by her friends Surrounded by her friends She devoted herself to her studies while maintaining her friendships.
Surrounding them are kindness, beauty, rightfulness, and bountiful love.
Suzuka-chan...
Suzuka-chan, let's get one together.
Suzuka-san, would you like to try your hand at watermelon splitting too?
Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord Sweet Phrase Coord I'm Coco!
Sword Flower Dance It's my job to draw out the depths of their expertise and convey their excellence to the viewers, which means I need to do thorough research.
Ta-da!
Ta-da! Look, check it out!
tada mae dake wo muite sesuji wo nobasu no All I can do is look forward and walk on with my head held high tada mae dake wo muite sesuji wo nobasu no The words of others simply cannot set my heart in motion tanin no kotoba de wa kono kokoro wa ugokasenai
Ta-da! Our new production room!
Tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute So I'm in the idol curriculum now too...
Tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru kimochi wo tometaku nakute tada tada sunao ni takamaru
takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing
Takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto
takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - takamare! shinjitemite yo motto Takamare! shinjitemite yo motto takamare! shinjitemite yo motto - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the dancing - I'm tingling and ringing, my chest is stinging hot from the
takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more - Filling your heart! Believe in it even more
Takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto takanare! shinjiteiku yo zutto
Take a break and get a fresh start.
Take a look at Baby Pirates's watermelon splitting!
Take a look at Baby Pirates' watermelon splitting!
Take a red melon and a purple lemon akairo meron paapuru remon Take a red melon and a purple lemon akairo meron paapuru remon - Mix in pink udon, excitement and "c'est bon!" - pinku na udon wakuwaku "se bon!" - Mix in pink udon, excitement and "c'est bon!" - pinku na udon wakuwaku "se bon!"
take a right down this street!
Take a short vacation.
Take care!
Take care.
Take care...
Take care of her, Mio.
Take care of them!
Take care on your way home!
- Take each others' hands like the friends we are - nakayoku te wo tsunaide Come on, it's time for us all to dance saa minna de odorou yo Get in a line, we'll form a ring sen ni natte wa ni natte Now let's Aikatsu together!
- Take each others' hands like the friends we are - nakayoku te wo tsunaide - Take each others' hands like the friends we are - nakayoku te wo tsunaide Come on, it's time for us all to dance saa minna de odorou yo Come on, it's time for us all to dance
Take five!
Take five, everyone!
Take note!
Take that!
Take the day off.
Take this.
Take this as a charm.
Take this! Choco Puchin Lucky Beam!
Take twenty-two...
Take two. Ready, go!
Take us to the place...
- Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out Sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara It's a new beginning It's a new beginning atarashii hajimari atarashii hajimari Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu
- Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them
- Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out
Take yours, Kaguya-chan.
taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat Like!
taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat And sorry, but we're taking a break
taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being Hinata Ema - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - Everyone, thanks for following us! And sorry, but we're
Taking one day off from work is no big deal.
Taking that into account, the full-on feminine Girly Girly brand might be perfect for you.
Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Talent Making friends with my frienergy!
Talk about a sudden downpour.
Talk about pathet...
talk could go on forever zutto tsudzuku girlstalk tanoshii no ni But deep down inside I feel a stirring in my heart kokoro no oku no hou sowasowa shiteru no Urging me to look for a sharp inspiration ♪ na insupireeshon sagashiteru The view from six centimeters higher makes me want to reach
Talking about all this vastness and scale stuff just makes me think of turning Honey Cat into giants.
Tama-chan, calm down.
Tama-chan, from your perspective, what do you think of this year's visitors?
Tama-chan's on the verge of exploding.
Tama-chan's such a worrywart sometimes.
Tamaki-san!
Tamaki-san?
Tamaki-san.
Tamaki-san...
Tamaki-san and Hariu-san are together?
- Tamaki-san and Ken-san are so far behind I've lost sight of them.
- Tamaki-san and Ken-san are way far behind us.
Tamaki-san drove us over.
Tamaki-san gave us these tickets and said to learn a thing or two.
Tamaki-san, go ahead!
Tamaki-san had to unexpectedly depart to deal with an incident on site, and as I just so happened to be off today, I have been assigned to accompany you.
Tamaki-san, I'd like to talk about tomorrow's recording.
Tamaki-san! I don't have a passport!
Tamaki-san is accompanying Aine, so I was feeling somewhat exposed.
Tamaki-san is accompanying Aine, so I was feeling somewhat forlorn.
Tamaki-san, may I have a moment?
Tamaki-san, please accept all those offers for me.
"Tamaki-san said I failed as an idol, and I agree with her." Either way, you need to seriously rest your body.
- Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san - Tamaki-san Hello, Mio speaking.
Tamaki-san, there's something I'm concerned about.
Tamaki-san, they're eventually going to return to their original Honey Cat and Reflect Moon, right?
Tamaki-san, us too.
Tamaki-san was against it at first.
Tamaki-san, weren't you about to say something?
Tamaki-san, what brings you here?
Tamaki-san, would you listen to my request?
Tamaki-san? Yes, this is Mio.
Tamaki-san, you're needed.
Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki Tamaki - Team - Team - Team - Team
Tama ni wa amaeru sonna no mo iin janai?
tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite - Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite A fire burns along to the rhythm rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru A fire burns along to the rhythm rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru A fire burns along to the rhythm
tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Could you let us know if you've noticed anything different about Coco-chan?
tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru That was the most amazing performance!
tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru The short-cut jacket and body chains are so danceable and sexy!
Targets A and M continue to discuss their show.
tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa "I'm truly, honestly glad
Ta-tan, tan!
tatta tararatta...
Tatta tararatta...
Tch! I thought you had your guard down from that silly grin on your face.
Tch! I thought you had your guard down when I saw that silly grin on your face.
- Tea Ceremony - Tea Ceremony - Kamishiro Karen - Kamishiro Karen Kamishiro Karen!
- Tea Ceremony - Tea Ceremony Next is the master, Kamishiro Karen. Begin!
Tea Ceremony Tea Ceremony Tea Ceremony Tea Ceremony I've memorized the proper etiquette.
Teaching others will do wonders for your Aikatsu.
Teach me about the Principality of Solvette.
Teach them about zero gravity.
Teammates...
- Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team
- Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team - Team Team That's inspired, but totally opaque.
Tell Alicia-sama it's okay for her to do Aikatsu!
Tell me about Maika-chan and Kaguya-chan's Reflect Honey.
Tell me about Tenshou Hibiki-san.
Tell me about the Cure Power Girlies.
Tell me about the flavor of matsutake delishrooms.
Tell me about the Kyuwa Powa Girlies.
Tell me about what delishrooms taste like.
Tell me about Yuuki Aine.
Tell me how I can get a Premium Rare Dress.
Tell me how to do a dramatic confession.
Tell me how to make a dramatic confession.
Tell me more!
Tell me, tell me!
Tell me what happened!
Tell me what you truly feel.
Tell me where the watermelon is!
Tell Onee-san too!
Tell us, Coco.
Tell us what you look for in a partner.
Tell us who!
Tell us why!
Tell you what, I'll think of a few more by tomorrow.
Tenshou Hibiki.
Tenshou Hibiki is on her way, so please make do for a few minutes.
Tenshou Hibiki is on her way, so please make due for a few minutes.
- Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime Let's get this started.
- Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime A prank?!
- Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime
- Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime - Tenshou Hibiki Prank Showtime What?!
Tenshou Hibiki-san is an international idol famous around the world for her charismatic artistry.
te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara Your voice will always reach us
te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Just raise your hand, I'll be there right away te wo agete sugu ni iku kara Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us
te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara te wo agete sugu ni iku kara
te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the spotlight within reach If only you could see the
te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight Are you chasing after an endless dream?
te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight te wo nobaseba todoku Spotlight Are you chasing after an endless dream?
Thank!
Thankfully, Chiharu-san and all the other people who support us idols behind the scenes helped me finish it.
Thankfully, Chiharu-san and many other people who support us idols behind the scenes helped me finish it.
Thankfully, she came around and accepted my feelings.
Thankfully, they came around once I argued with my burning heart.
Thank goodness!
Thank goodness...
Thank goodness. I can finally relax.
Thank goodness, it went off without a hitch.
Thank goodness. That's a relief.
Thank goodness we found you!
Thank goodness. With their help, I should be able to pull this off.
Thank goodness you're awake.
Thanks!
Thanks.
Thanks a bunch!
Thanks a bunch, Kyle.
Thanks again.
Thanks again, Sakuya-chan.
Thanks again! Your intuition's never been wrong before, after all.
Thanks, Aine.
Thanks, Aine-chan!
Thanks, Aine-chan! I'll be counting on you.
Thanks! Bye-bye!
Thanks, Choco-chan.
Thanks! Come on, let's go!
Thanks, everyone.
Thanks for becoming my Friend.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for coming even though it's the weekend.
Thanks for coming to see us through all the rain!
Thanks for doing a report!
Thanks for everything.
Thanks for giving me a spark!
Thanks for hanging out with me today.
Thanks for letting me join!
Thanks for making me happy!
Thanks for making time for me.
Thanks for teaching me all that!
Thanks for the advice!
Thanks for the advice.
Thanks for the concern, but there's no reason for you to get so anxious.
Thanks for the treat!
Thanks for today.
Thanks for tuning in! We've missed you all.
Thanks for your patience.
Thanks, girls. I can already see it going well!
Thanks, guys!
Thanks. I don't particularly mind being complimented.
Thanks! I feel reassured now that we'll be practicing our Aikatsu together.
Thanks, I got it.
Thanks, I knew we could rely on you.
Thanks. I knew we could rely on you.
Thanks. I'll be off!
Thanks, I'll give it a shot.
Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad It's all thanks to this post a fan made about the event on social media yesterday.
Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad I want to show my gratitude!!
Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad
Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad Thanks, I'm glad The venue is packed with your fans.
Thanks! I'm glad you're here.
Thanks! I'm glad you said that.
Thanks! I owe it all to everyone.
Thanks! It's like a picnic!
Thanks, I won't forget.
Thanks, Maika.
Thanks, Mio-chan!
Thanks, Mio-chan.
Thanks! My cards are friends, and my fans are friends!
Thanks, Penne.
Thanks so much!
Thanks so much.
Thanks so much for coming!
Thanks so much for coming this early in the morning to cheer for us!
Thanks so much for this.
Thanks so much for this. Was it hard getting it all together?
Thanks so much for your advice!
Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks Thanks That's the way. You should refrain from speaking as much as possible to heal up.
Thanks, that makes me happy!
Thanks! That's the Penguin Café's specialty.
Thanks to all my research and preparation, I've managed to perfectly host talks with every super culturist!
Thanks to me and my friends' video on AiTube going viral, a big audience came to watch.
Thanks to my friend.
Thanks to that, they rushed to fill the seats.
Thanks to them, I feel like Alicia's opened a sliver of her heart to me.
Thanks to them, I feel like Alicia's opened her heart just a crack to me.
Thanks to you.
Thanks to your commercial, a wave of boys confessing their love with ChocoMint Macaron is sweeping the nation!
Thanks to your commercial, a wave of boys confessing with chocolate mint macarons is sweeping the nation!
Thanks to your tour, you've become household names in not just Japan, but around the whole world.
Thanks to your tour, you've become household names not just around Japan, but in many other countries.
Thanks, you two!
Thanks, you were an enormous help.
Thank you!
Thank you.
Thank... you.
Thank you again!
Thank you again. I was able to learn a lot from the strong bonds you all hold as Friends.
Thank you, Aine.
Thank you all for coming to see our show today!
Thank you, and good night.
Thank you! But how did you all know?
Thank you, but I would rather stay here.
Thank you, Chiharu-san.
Thank you, everyone!
Thank you, everyone.
Thank you for accepting.
Thank you for allowing us here.
Thank you for all your help.
Thank you for all your work.
Thank you for attending the premiere of the new ChocoMint Macaron commercial.
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for coming here today.
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for everything at the Macaron Folk Dance, Monsieur Zack Baran.
Thank you for everything today.
Thank you for everything you did for me for the Macaron Folk Dance, Monsieur Zack Baran.
Thank you for everything you've done for me.
Thank you for giving me courage, Aine, Mio.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you for having me here today.
Thank you for having us.
Thank you for having us today.
Thank you for hosting us.
Thank you for inviting me!
Thank you for inviting us today.
Thank you for listening.
Thank you for making my best friend into a designer.
Thank you for the advice earlier.
Thank you for the compliment!
Thank you for the compliment.
Thank you for the fantastic magic.
Thank you for the idol smile!
Thank you for the informative explanation.
Thank you for the opportunity.
Thank you for the opportunity to Aikatsu together.
Thank you for this opportunity.
Thank you for today.
Thank you for visiting.
Thank you for waiting.
Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu
Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu mattete kureteta mai furenzu Thank you for waiting, my friends mattete kureteta mai furenzu We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru
Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends Thank you for waiting, my friends
Thank you for watching.
Thank you for working with us today.
Thank you for your consideration!
Thank you for your consideration.
Thank you for your guidance!
Thank you for your patience. Here is your basilico spaghetti loaded with basil.
Thank you for your time!
Thank you for your time.
Thank you, girls.
Thank you. Goodbye.
Thank you, honestly, but we're in a hurry for our show.
Thank you. If only so many things didn't go awry.
Thank you. I just felt so anxious...
Thank you. I know we have my competition with Mirai-san at the end too, so I'll do my best to get through everything in one take!
Thank you. I know we have to do my competition with Mirai-san at the end too, Choco Puchin Lucky Beam!
Thank you. I'll show you my big bang!
Thank you, I'm looking forward to it.
Thank you. I'm really, really glad I have this opportunity to sing in front of so many people!
Thank you! I'm so happy!
Thank you, I will.
Thank you, Kaguya-chan.
Thank you, Karen.
Thank you, Karen-san.
Thank you, Mio-chan!
Thank you, Mio-chan.
Thank you, Mirai.
Thank you, Mirai and Karen.
Thank you, Miss Fairy.
Thank you once more for your cheers and support today.
Thank you, Onee-chan!
Thank you, Paparazzi-san!
Thank you, Penne!
Thank you, Pure Palette.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much, Aine-chan.
Thank you so much! I'll treasure them forever!
Thank you so much, Mio-san, Aine-san!
Thank you so much, Mio-san, Aine-san.
Thank you so much, Noa-san!
Thank you so much, Senpai!
Thank you so much too.
Thank you so, so much for today!
Thank you, Sugar.
Thank you. Tamaki-san, what did you think?
Thank you. That's really considerate.
Thank you too for making my best friend into a designer.
Thank you too. Since they became Friends, Mio has been enjoying school more than ever before.
Thank you too. Your smile is the best present a girl could ask for.
Thank you very much!
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much for having me for dinner.
Thank you very much for today.
Thank you very much! I'll do my best!
Thank you, Wakaba-san.
Thank you. Your guidance made all the difference.
Thank you. You were watching our show?
That allowed her to get a step ahead of all the other girls in her year, and shot her up to the rank of top idol.
That allowed Pure Palette to bounce back and just barely win the Star Harmony Cup!
That allowed us to bounce back and just barely win the Star Harmony Cup!
That allows them to fly together to infinite brilliance.
That alone satisfies me as though it were myself.
That, and to be certain it fits your vision of the kind of idol you want to be.
That appears to be accurate.
That aside, it is absolutely unbelievable that I would place last.
That aspiration underlies all of my Aikatsu.
That brings back memories.
That builds up to our battle with all of your memories about magic on the line.
That can't be true.
That certainly brings back memories.
That concludes all the guest talks.
That concludes Pure Palette's seventh Solvette Travel Report.
That concludes the guest talks.
That concludes the seventh Pure Palette trip to the Principality of Solvette report.
That coord is really colorful and cute.
That could work!
That could work. Write up a plan for that yourself, and then bring it to Tamaki-san for approval.
That could work. Write up a plan for that yourself, then bring it to Tamaki-san for approval.
That'd be great!
That decides the first round bracket.
That determines the bracket.
that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach chikadzuitemo hanareteku
that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light that disappears as you approach If you desire the entrancing light
That doesn't count! Just forget about it!
That doesn't matter, I just need to focus on my lessons!
That ends our interview with Love Me Tear.
That ends the first trial!
That even if this was my limit, you had far more room to grow, and it was your destiny to become an idol.
That explains it.
That explains why she's been out so often.
That fact will never change.
That Ferris wheel is where we formed Pure Palette, isn't it.
That girl can't do anything.
That girl just doesn't listen to me.
That goes without saying.
That good, nice and cunique!
That gradation and luster...
That hurts!
That I did. I want to share everything that I feel.
That if she loses, she wouldn't have the right to re-form or be her rival.
That includes you.
That inside a single show, everyone involved...
That is...
That is Aikatsu!
That is Alicia's country, the Principality of Solvette.
That is all.
That is her ideal idol.
That is Honey Cat's new dream, and the next stage we'll stand on.
That is Honey Cat's new dream, the next stage we'll stand on.
That is none of my concern.
That isn't...
That is the Diamond Jeweling Dress.
That is the essence of space Aikatsu, Spacekatsu!
That is the law of my homeland, Rune Island.
That is the reason I have kept improving myself.
That is unnecessary.
That is us.
That is what I believe.
That is what Noa-san's back is saying.
That is what Noa-san's backside is saying.
That is what she strives for.
That is when the incident shook their very souls!
That I was not worthy of her.
That I will! Please tell me about Love Me Tear!
That jewel must have been attracted to your heartfelt devotion to Aikatsu.
That jewel was surely attracted to your heartfelt devotion to Aikatsu.
That just goes to show how prestigious the Diamond Friends Cup is.
That just goes to show how serious you are about Aikatsu.
That just goes to show how significant the Diamond Friends Cup is.
That just means there's a ton you can learn starting now.
That just raises more questions about what the jewels really are.
That Karen-san and Mirai-san are Best Friends, and also the diamond of the Friends sphere!
That lie was way too obvious.
That line...
That'll just leave us left behind!
That looks great!
That looks incredible on you!
That looks like way more than just one trip around the world.
That looks really fun!
That makes 1001 tries.
That makes sense!
That makes things easier.
That makes thirty!
That makes this right on time.
That making a million friends isn't impossible!
That marks the end of day one!
That maybe you've always wanted to sing for yourself.
That means Mio and Ema get penalized for losing and have to do a grocery run!
That means the dress is of such a high caliber that even professional designers can't ignore it.
That means the party's still on!
That means they'll be in front of everyone from children to the elderly.
That means they'll be marketed to everyone from children to the elderly.
That means those must be Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan's Miracle Dresses!
That means we'll be Friends no matter what. Love Me Tear won't end!
That means when Karen-san and Mirai-san come together as Love Me Tear, their reach encompasses Japan...
That might be it!
That might've had something to do with your Miracle Appeal.
That miss falls on both of us.
That mob of Cocos weren't antiviruses, they were Update Notification Cocos!
That much is certain.
- That must be how it's able to embrace everyone on this planet in its warm glow.
- That must be how it's able to embrace everyone on this planet within it's large, warm arms.
That must be how it's able to embrace everyone on this planet within its warm glow.
That must be what it means to be friends!
That must've been tough.
That name sounds familiar...
That performance and dresses were the best!
That place... is space!
That plan was a failure.
That present is worth more than anything money can buy.
That proves how much people living everywhere have been waiting for I Believe to return.
- That proves just how important it is to everyone.
- That proves shows how important it is to everyone.
That reminds me.
That reminds me, aren't you exchanging presents as Friends tomorrow?
That reminds me, Maika. Check it out.
That reminds me of being scolded by the maids as a child because it was bad manners to dip my chocolate cookies in milk.
That reminds me of when I got lost all alone in a haunted house and needed someone to guide me out.
That reminds me, we need to decide on your partner for your next show.
That role was perfect for Aine-chan.
That rumor really got out of hand in a big way.
That's...
That's a bold proclamation to make before the current holder.
That's a bold proclamation to make before the title holder.
That's a crazy coincidence.
That's actually been bothering me.
That's a good one!
That's a great idea! Then even you'd have nothing to worry about, Hibiki.
That's a half-dyed slender Caesar. Even though it looks poisonous, it's actually edible.
That said, it'll be hard to see you in Antarctica.
That said, I've been doing Aikatsu away from Earth, so it's no wonder you don't know me.
That said, I've been doing Aikatsu away from the Earth, so it's no wonder you don't know me.
That said, we only have a limited amount of time before their show.
That's a lesson I'll engrave on my heart.
That's a lesson that'll stick with me.
That's all.
That's all, folks!
That's all right.
That's a long way to go for my sake.
That's a long way to go just for me.
That's a lot of friends.
That's always been my dream!
That's amazing!
That's amazing.
That's amazing. Even the second shuffle Friends is a huge success.
That's amazing. Even the second Shuffle Friends is a huge success.
That's an awesome coincidence.
That's an intriguing plan.
That's an intriguing premise.
That's a perfect theme for the Diamond Dresses.
That's a picture I took.
That's apparently Karen-san's doing.
That's a Premium Rare Dress she's wearing, right?
- That's a pretty rough deadline to meet.
- That's a pretty rough timecrunch.
That's a pretty rough time crunch.
That's as far as you go!
That's a very pretty shell.
That's a volcano, isn't it?! Right?!
That's awesome!
That's awesome, Alicia-san! You get to have a sleepover at Karen-san's house!
That's awesome, Maika-chan, Ema-chan!
That's awesome, Wakaba.
That's a wrap!
That's a wrap! Good work all around!
That's bad manners, Mirai.
That's basically admitting that you're holding back.
That's basically how it always goes down.
That's because... I just can't help it.
That's because it's a movie set on the moon!
That's been my intention since the very start.
That's Choco-chan?
That's Classical Ange's Bouquet de Flours Coord.
That's Classical Ange's Bouquet des Fleurs Coord.
That's Coco-chan?
That's... correct.
That's correct. We have come to educate ourselves in order to become Diamond Friends this year.
That seems like it'd be nice and refreshing!
That seems like it'll be nice and refreshing!
That's enough for warmup exercises.
That's especially true coming from you, my number one fan.
That's everyone!
That's exactly like Cinderella.
That's exactly right! The catchphrase we've come up with is "A bag you'll want to take everywhere!" I drew this up based on that concept.
That's exactly why!
That's fine! I've got plenty of both!
That's fine now.
That's fine, right?
That's fine with us!
That's flash-of-herbspiration, a wildflower said to clear your mind so it can fill up with new ideas.
That's good.
That's good to hear.
That's great!
That's great.
That's great! And don't forget the concert.
That's great! I love it!
That's great! It's a success!
That's great! Let's finish off strong!
That's great, Mio-chan! You're so grown up!
- That's great to hear.
That's great. What kind of idol was she?
That's her.
That she would discard what makes her special.
That's how determined she is to win.
That's how idols show their gratitude.
That's how I envision a next generation idol.
That's how I envision the next generation of idols.
That's how Mirai-san is.
That shows how important it is to everyone.
That show was amazing!
That's how we realized that we held the same feelings in our hearts.
That's how we realized that we hold the same feelings in our hearts.
That side is for the general track, and this side is for idols.
That side is the regular track, and this side is for idols.
That's impossible...
That's incredible.
That's isn't...
That's is what she strives for.
That's it!
That's it, forget about trying to be dramatic!
That's it for the recording!
That's it for today! Great job, girls!
That's it! I knew you'd come up with something!
- That's it! I'll bring in lots of snow and ice and build a huge igloo to have a show inside!
- That's it! I'll make a huge snow hut out of ice and hold the show inside!
That's it! I'll make a huge snow hut out of ice and hold the show inside!
That's it... It's exactly the same as my ideal Friends!
That's it... That's exactly what my ideal Friends is!
That's just how important my Friends relationship is to me!
That's just like you, Aine.
That's just something for you to chew on.
That's just wrong!
That's me!
That's mine!
That's more than one a day.
That's more than one every day.
That's much appreciated.
That's my girl!
That's my history buff!
That's my Idol Activities!
That's my job as their manager.
That's my motto as a manager.
That's no problem at all. I'll make a new one without tomatoes.
That's not...
That's not a problem at all!
That's not a treasure map. I'm sorry.
That's not Choco enough!
That's not like you.
That's not the prob...
That's not true!
That's not true. Everyone there enjoyed themselves thanks to you.
That's not true. I know lots of things you're good at.
That's not... Wait, it's true!
That's not why.
That's Onee-sama's voice.
That's only for brown bears. You need to say "ru ru ru" for moon bears.
That's only natural. Her popularity will continue to skyrocket.
That sounds good.
That sounds great!
That sounds great! Thanks!
That sounds just like an Aikatsu Pass for idols.
That sounds like fun!
That sounds marvelous.
That sounds nice, but what's a new Pure Palette supposed to be like?
That sounds really impressive!
That sounds really interesting.
That sounds so awesome!
That sounds wonderful.
That's our Aine-chan!
That's our Tamaki-san!
That's out of the question.
That's plenty of time to prepare.
That's pretty awesome.
That's pretty rare for her.
That's probably... because it's more fun that way, I think.
That's Pure Palette's "Everyone Everyone", isn't it?
That's quite important.
That's quite the big dream they've got now.
That's rather pessimistic of you.
That's reckless!
That's right!
That's right.
That's right...
That's right, Aine is growing at an unbelievable speed.
That's right. Aine is my ultimate Friend and rival!
That's right. Aine, let's shine even brighter, just like a diamond!
That's right... Coco-chan isn't...
- That's right. Diamond Friends has a stature beyond what we can imagine.
That's right! Even as Diamond Friends, bring it on!
That's right! I couldn't believe my ears.
That's right. I designed it for you.
That's right... I don't know the first thing about Gankoyama-san.
That's right, I forgot you were into AiTube.
That's right, I had Mama take this...
That's right! I just remembered her saying something about being afraid of the Aikatsu Song Battle.
That's right. I'll be unveiling my newest Premium Rare dress in the next few days.
That's right. I'll be unveiling my newest Premium Rare Dress soon.
That's right. I'm not her.
That's right, I should formally introduce you.
That's right, Kaguya-chan.
That's right! Let's be so bright it'll shock everyone!
That's right! Material Color is sponsoring a show to promote her new song!
That's right, Mika-chan.
That's right. Our last chance is right now!
That's right, Suzuka-chan.
That's right, they're idols from the moon, so they don't count as human!
That's right! This is Aikatsu!
That's right. We still have one more chance!
That's right, we won't lose again.
That's settled then.
That's simple.
That's sisters for you.
That's so amazing! Isn't that great, Alicia-san?
That's so cool.
That's so cool! She makes me want to work even harder at Aikatsu!
That's so cute!
- That's such a big honor!
That's super crucial!
That's the Aine I want to become Diamond Friends with.
That's the exit. Your interview is over here.
That's the first hurdle you have to clear if you want to become Diamond Friends.
That's the first hurdle you'll have to clear if you want to become Diamond Friends.
That's the gas!
That's the Hero Bridge?
That's the legendary fairy who shows up at the climax.
That's the Mio-chan I respect and who inspires me to Aikatsu.
That's the Mio-chan that got me into Aikatsu!
That's the one thing that even as Diamond Friends, even as a new Pure Palette, I never want to change!
That's the rub...
That's the same as us.
That's the secret to boxing.
That's the situation. Are we good with the music and lights?
That's the situation. Can you swap the music and lights?
That's the specialty cream made by the Kamishiro family's in-house pâtissier!
That's the spirit!
That's the story I want to tell.
That's the thing. It took me a while calling friends back and forth to ask for their help searching.
That's the trick to Spacekatsu.
That's the way!
That's too bad.
That's too bad, Aine.
That's too bad. I really wanted to eat them.
That's too bad. Though it makes sense considering Candy Party has a lot of momentum right now.
That's too forced!
That's too Happy! Make it Lucky!
That's too hard to understand!
That's too normal! It's not funny!
That's true.
That's true...
That's true. I already knew it couldn't possibly be easy.
That's true. I can hardly think of anywhere we haven't been yet.
That's true. I knew it wasn't that easy.
That's true. It's that or an endless train of rejections.
That's true. It would just hurt to only send back rejections.
That such a horrifying accident could possibly befall Honey Cat and Reflect Moon.
That's unbelievable!
That's unbelievable... They're really going to try and get to a hundred.
That's unexpected. I pegged Mio as more of a chill type.
That's up to their discretion.
That sure takes me back to when I used to want to be an idol.
That sure was fun.
That's very reassuring.
That's what I like to hear.
That's what I think.
That's what I think Friends are.
That's what I've been trying to say this whole time.
That's what my gut says.
That's what she means to me.
That's what's so scary about it.
That's what your Miracle Dress is for.
That's what your Miracle Dress stands for, too.
That's when a dangerous blizzard approached, and we came up with an idea to open her heart.
That's when Honey Cat got their chance to shine.
That's when my unpolished jewel started shining, Didn't Hibiki-san say something about the unpolished jewels being drawn to idols who possess a light?
That's when my unrefined jewel started shining, and my coord was reborn as the Sapphire Jeweling Dress!
That's where I realized that all I needed was to design our Best Friends Rare Dresses together.
That's where I realized that all we needed was to design our Best Friends Rare Dresses together.
That's where you derive your appeal from.
That's where you draw your appeal from.
That's who inspired me!
That's who my inspiration is!
That's why!
That's why...
That's why back then...
That's why I decided to go all out and do a solo live at a giant venue.
That's why I decided to go all out and try to fill up a huge venue for my solo live.
That's why I decided to hold a show for kids only.
That's why I'd like to give you all a little present in thanks.
That's why I don't want her to lose that passionate fire inside her by conforming to me.
That's why I give them everything I have.
That's why I impersonated her and went to the audition in her place.
That's why I'm pushing my brain to the limit to think of something new each time.
That's why I need your help with a request.
That's why I think you and Mirai-san will be the same.
That's why I've gotta Aikatsu even harder.
That's why I wanted to bring you here.
That's why I want to complete them together.
That's why I want to do what I can for her.
That's why I want to tell them more about me and my brand so that we can grow even closer.
That's why I went to her myself.
That's why more is Aikatsu!
That's why my sister was called back here five years ago.
That's why she'll win at all costs.
That's why they think I've been infected by a virus.
That's why this new brand is taking a different direction by basing it on a brilliant, moonlit night.
That's why we actually have a counseling room for those who need advice.
That's why we decided not to do Aikatsu even though we all wanted to.
That's why we decided to hold a competition with Love Me Tear to give her courage.
That's why we'll face you fair and square, and defeat you honorably!
That's why we're going to announce Sugar Melody's newest Premium Rare Dress.
That's why we should fire everyone up with a hot fest for them!
That's why we want to fire everyone up with a hot fest for them!
That's why we want to open up and be honest with you.
That's why we worked so hard to make it to the Diamond Friends Cup finals!
That's why you form your Friends early and spend the entire year doing Aikatsu together.
That's why you form your Friends now and spend a year doing Aikatsu together.
That's why you literally buried it.
That's wrong, I need to give a more mature opinion.
That's wrong, I need to give a more mature take.
That that is what it means to master one's way.
That the end of recording!
That they found what I was looking for!
That thing always seems to bully me.
That tickles!
That to create a single show, everyone involved...
That transformation of their dresses...
That uniform is so awesome!
That was a fantastic big bang, Mio.
That was a fantastic performance, Wakaba-chan.
That was a huge screw up.
That was a huge screw-up.
That was a joke.
That was all for her dress.
That was amazing, Maika-chan!
That was an absolutely fantastic performance.
That was a prize for winning their village's karaoke contest.
That was a wonderful new song.
That was a wonderful performance.
That was a wonderful show!
That was cool!
That was five years ago after the Diamond Friends Cup, right?
That was my greatest commercial ever.
That was my intention since the very start.
That was not evol ustakia.
That wasn't always the case.
That wasn't very like you.
That was only because she was required to.
That was quite the overreaction for a single measly frog.
That was really helpful!
That was shiny and sparkly!
That was Shirayuri Sakuya-chan of the White Team with "Guided".
That was simply due to circumstance and necessity.
That was simply due to circumstance and urgency.
That was so cool!
That was so funny!
That was some great acting, Aine.
That was so much fun.
That was such a fresh performance!
That was superb.
That was super cunique and funny!
That was the Garnet Jeweling Dress.
That was then, this is now.
That was too bad, Aine.
That was unbelievable!
That was unfortunate.
That was when I made up my mind.
That was wonderfully slurred, Aine-chan!
That way's the most fun!
That way you'll definitely find a dress that gives you a spark eventually.
that we could possibly lose to Reflect Moon.
that we'll be revealing today.
that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other"
that we met each other" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends Filling up my album with brand-new Friends
That we will drown out even the luminance of Love Me Tear.
That whole thing is an embellished story that got out of hand.
That won't be possible. Because now that you've discovered my secret, I'm looking forward to next time.
That won't happen, will it?
That would be...
That would be thanks to Aine-chan's performance.
That would be the perfect trigger to reform.
That would be the Tennen Rishin-ryu.
That would hurt far less than...
That would mean that Pure Palette has a real chance!
That you can't even imagine its scale!
The above have passed the interview portion.
The academy's courtyard?
The accessories and the ribbon on the breast subtly expressed an air of girlishness.
The "Ai" in Aikatsu means "love".
The Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix.
The Aikatsu Kart Grand Prix is about to start!
The Aikatsu Pass is your idol identification!
The Aikatsu Song Battle!
The Aikatsu Song Battle is reaching its climax.
The Aikatsu Zone.
The alphabet patterns are so colorful.
The Ange Aquamarine Coord.
The answers can be found only beyond the waving checkered flag.
The Aquamarine Jeweling Dress.
The arrival of new rivals has my blood pumping!
The art staffers have a concern they would like resolved about the set they're working on.
- The audience constantly wishes to witness the saga of a new idol's growth.
The audience is always yearning to witness a new idol grow during her saga.
The audience will see you!
The background art designers have a concern they would like resolved about the set they're working on.
The bat and pumpkin cookies are really cute!
The bat and pumpkin shaped cookies are really cute!
The battle for the summit, the Diamond Friends Cup, takes place in three weeks!
The battle's on!
The battle to decide the top Friends, the Diamond Friends Cup, is underway.
The battle to decide the top Friends, the Diamond Friends Cup, takes place in three weeks!
The battle to determine the top Friends, the Diamond Friends Cup, is under way.
The beasts can sense it.
The beast tamer taught us what to do to become friends with tigers.
The bejeweled ribbon on the waist must be packed full of dreams.
The Best Friends Award is nixed!
The Best Friends Award will be canceled!
The Best Friends Cup...
The Best Friends Cup isn't long away!
The Best Friends Cup is really soon!
The Best Friends Cup is under way, with a spot in the Diamond Friends Cup on the line.
The Best Friends Cup is underway, with a spot in the Diamond Friends Cup on the line.
The Best Friends Cup must've worn you out.
The Best Friends Cup really soon!
The Best Friends Cup was held on Karen Island.
The best one to convey a princess's air would be the Grace Memory Coord...
The best way to make the people of Solvette smile is for you to smile at them.
The big bang was the huge explosion that started the entire universe.
The big bang you created is the whole reason we completed these dresses.
The big bang you made is the whole reason we completed these dresses.
The biggest highlight of the reveal is going to be your Best Friends Rare Dress, so...
The big match with Love Me Tear will be on the second day!
The Blanc Plume Coord Onee-sama gave me lit the way to victory.
The Blanc Plume Coord Onee-sama lit the way to victory.
The blizzard...
The blizzard is coming.
The blizzards freeze everything over.
The blouse on this dress is based on a cat too.
The Bluebird of Happiness!
The Blue Link Coord!
The Blue Link Coord, with a soft air of maturity.
The Blue Link Coord, with just a touch of maturity.
The bold contrast of orange and purple with a black accent will put Aine-chan under my spell!
The Bouquet de Fleurs Coord!
The Bouquet de Fleurs Coord.
The Bouquet des Fleurs Coord.
The brands of every idol in the school are going to be featured.
- The brightest idol of all is Sakuya-oneesama!
The brightest of dresses...
The Bright Moonlight Coord, made with the motif of a moon shining at night.
The brilliance of the Jeweling Dresses is sure to guide them back.
The Brilliant Dresses are so lovely!
The Brilliant Friends Cup is almost upon us.
The Brilliant Friends Cup is considered the first step to becoming Diamond Friends.
The Brilliant Friends Cup is just around the corner.
The Brilliant Friends Cup is now in full swing.
The Bunny Parade Coord is the Premium Rare Dress of Mirai-san's brand, Milky Joker.
The bus?!
The café's closed today.
The cakes are plenty cute.
The Caspian Sea that's actually a lake!
The cat-ear designs on the tops are inspired by a drawing sent to us in a fan letter.
The cat ear designs on the tops are inspired by the drawing sent to us in a fan letter.
The cat ear flower hairband and differently shaped earrings are the highlights.
The cat-ear flower hairband and differently shaped earrings are the highlights.
The cats' honey job.
The Cats' Honey Job The Cats' Honey Job The Cats' Honey Job So cute!
The cat talked?!
The Cherry Link Coord.
The chicken is grilled perfectly, and with each bite its sublime juices fill my mouth.
The children are enjoying themselves beyond belief!
- The Choco part still leaves an aftertaste, but if you don't make the Puchin burst open, it doesn't feel right.
- The choreography isn't going quite as well.
The choreography isn't going quite as well though.
The clock is ticking!
The clock's still ticking while I'm wasting time!
The cold will make your ears sting.
The colors and combination of materials are distinct as well.
The colors and shape are simply lovely.
The combination of me and the Macaron Folk Dance.
The competition looks fierce.
The concept is for me to converse with Pure Palette, Honey Cat, and Reflect Moon about their bonds as Friends.
The concept is that this dress was born of flames. I want to display that idea precisely.
The conditions for making the Aura—Wear Miracle Dresses with your greatest, closest Friend.
The contents of each year's Best Friends Cup are determined by the reigning Diamond Friends.
The contents of each year's Best Friends Cup is decided by the current Diamond Friends.
The contrasting white and black are stylish.
The countless hearts adorning my Love Destiny Coord are a symbol of the love I wish to give to all.
The crowd's still buzzing from Pure Palette's performance.
The cry of the lesser cuckoo.
The Cure Power Girlies are supposed to be perfectly in sync.
The Cure Power Girlies are the heroines of justice that all the little girls are into right now!
The current Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear, will now present to the winners, Pure Palette, the two Diamond Dresses!
The current leader is...
The current leaders is...
The dance portion only went off without a hitch because I knew the area before.
The dance portion was fine because I'd been in the area before.
The day after Hibiki-san arrived, something strange happened.
The day flew by in a flash.
The dazzling stage refers to the Brilliant Friends Cup.
The deadly blizzard has arrived faster than our predictions!
The decorations are so cute!
The deductions of Detective Ema are ironclad!
The designer was unavailable because they're currently at a show overseas.
The designer was unavailable because they're holding a show overseas.
The design for Maika's new dress.
The desserts here are more than just yummy, they're cunique.
The desserts here are more than just yummy, they're unidorable.
The diagonal ribbon is the highlight.
The diagonal ribbon you added at the end gives an element of formality and brings together the whole cool vibe.
The Diamond Angel Coord is bright from the diamonds' sparkle.
The Diamond Dream Coord.
The Diamond Dress created in the image of an angel shining down upon every idol.
The Diamond Friends Cup finally started!
The Diamond Friends Cup finals are tomorrow.
The Diamond Friends Cup finals are upon us.
The Diamond Friends Cup is a fest serves as the grand finale for the entire year.
The Diamond Friends Cup is a fest that serves as the grand finale for the entire year.
The Diamond Friends Cup is finally under way!
- The Diamond Friends Cup was held to determine the best Friends in the world.
The Diamond Friends Cup was held to determine the top Friends of all.
- The Diamond Friends Cup was held to determine the top of all Friends.
The Diamond Friends Cup will be held this winter.
The Diamond Friends Cup will decide number one Aikatsu unit!
The Diamond Friends Cup will determine the number one Aikatsu unit!
The Diamond Friends throne will be ours.
The Diamond Future Coord is Mirai-san's Diamond Dress.
The diamond's radiance is really special.
The dignified design of your Royal Gothic dress was very memorable.
The discovery of the century is soon upon us.
The distance is so great that no matter how much I extend my hand, I will never reach it.
The divination minister has never been wrong about the fate of Solvette.
The door?
The double Onee-sans' events are overrun with little girl fans who want to be their sisters.
The double Onee-sans' events are run over with little girl fans who want to be their sisters.
The dress is important, but we can't forget to practice our Friends Appeal either!
The dress is important, but we have to practice our Friends Appeal too!
The dress's concept is flames. Let's illuminate it from above with hot, burning red lights.
The dress's concept is flames. Let's illuminate the set with red-hot lights from above.
The dress suddenly started shining up on stage.
The earth?
The effect of Pure Palette's stage isn't dying down at all.
The Ema who loved a challenge and always charged ahead with a smile on her face...
The Ema who loves doing her best and always runs ahead with a smile on her face...
The emblem of happiness.
The emotions of people are like the dark side of the moon.
The endless cold has erased the smiles from everyone's faces.
The entire reason I can stand here today is thanks to Mirai-san.
The entire school's constantly buzzing about you.
The entire universe is your oyster!
The event's theme is...
The event will be two days, Saturday and Sunday.
The examination will now begin!
The extra was on the house. I made friends with the Yaohachi's daughter.
The extra was on the house. I made friends with the Yaohachis' daughter.
- The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine
- The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine - The facts of popular
- The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine The facts of popular idol Yuuki Aine You say you cannot shine in such a cheap world?
The fest's special producers?
The final assessment tests your acting ability.
The finalists have been decided.
The final lineup for the Diamond Friends Cup is now confirmed.
The final results are in!
The finals are going to be Pure Palette versus Love Me Tear.
The finals are tomorrow.
The finals matchup for the Diamond Friends Cup is now confirmed.
The final unit will be decided next month in the Best Friends Cup.
The finish line stands before them!
The fire in my chest burns hotter when I think of her.
The fire in my chest burns hot when I think of her.
The first day is up to you to figure out.
The first international Aikatsu summit was recently held.
The first is rabble who chew food with their mouths open.
The first is to memorize your lines!
The first key point is this grill.
The first meeting is tomorrow afternoon, so be prepared.
The first order of business is holding a reformation concert for I Believe.
The first order of business is holding a revival concert for I Believe.
The first scene you'll be doing is the one we practiced.
The first thing I should do is pay my respects to those who have helped me before and those I'll be working with now.
The first time I acted in a drama, I was told to memorize all my lines at the very least.
The first time Karen and I fought, we held a Making Up Ceremony.
The first was, "Don't worry about my country." Then it continued...
The first was the macaron folk dance.
The first-years in the middle school have just begun their idol training.
The fluffy, sweet eggs bounce around inside my mouth and become good friends with the tangy ketchup rice!
The focus of our training regimen is overcoming our lack of strength.
The focus will be sit-ups!
The foremost experts in various fields of traditional cultural arts were called in.
The formidable wall they face comes as no surprise, but even so, Aine-chan and Mio-chan are in for the fight of their lifetimes.
The four of us issho ni With everyone as far as we want to minna to nara dokomade demo With everyone as far as we want to minna to nara dokomade demo Let's go on together issho ni ikou yo Let's go on together issho ni ikou yo - Wearing Cute - kyuuto ni
The four of us went camping together.
The four of us went camping together before.
The fresh, crisp veggies are delicious too!
The Friend of a Friend is a Friends!
The friend of a friend is my friend!
The Friends Appeal to show them off, right?
The friends I share the stage with.
The Friends I want.
The Friends I want to be.
The frienergy from each and every person pushes my back a little more.
- The Full Moon's Radiance Upon Your Lips - The Full Moon's Radiance Upon Your Lips - The Full Moon's Radiance Upon Your Lips - The Full Moon's Radiance Upon Your Lips - The Full Moon's Radiance Upon Your Lips Reflect Moon is really the best.
The future awaiting Honey Cat Hinata Ema Hinata Ema Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Everything about Honey Cat from their solo work to BFRDs - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Next month's cover is going to be Pure Palette.
The future only found there.
The Future Only Found There The Future Only Found There The Future Only Found There Tomorrow's finally the surprise show we've all been waiting for.
The gap between her reactions and her usual coolness nets them high ratings.
The gap between her reactions on the shows and her usual coolness has net them high ratings.
The ghost cheerleader concept originated from Aine-chan wondering whether ghosts liked to participate in fests too.
The girl out there competing with Aine looks like a good catch.
The girl rampaging out there with Aine looks like a good catch.
The girls appear to be enjoying themselves, and this is certain to cause a buzz.
The girls will be just fine without us.
The girl you raised will be leaving the nest.
The Glorious Emerald Coord!
The Glorious Emerald Coord.
The goal!
The goal of my Aikatsu is to become Diamond Friends.
The Goddess of Victory smiled down upon Karen-san and Mirai-san.
The goodforthroatshroom was great for my throat!
The gossip columns are going on about how one of the most promising candidates for Diamond Friends is gone.
The greatest of friends...
The green onions are laid out in a perfect art deco style octagon.
The green onions are laid out in a perfect art deco-style octagon.
The guidance of the moon...
The halftime show is about to start, Ema.
The Happiness Gift Coord.
The hardest gem is diamond, and our first match is against Love Me Tear.
The hardest gem refers to diamond, and our first match is against Love Me Tear.
The Heavenly Ruby Coord!
The highlight of your reveal is going to be your Best Friends Rare Dress, so...
The honor goes to the mysterious twins from the moon!
The hottest topic is the two Miracle Appeals seen during yesterday's semi-finals as well as how amazing Honey Cat and Pure Palette's battle was.
The Humming Topaz Coord.
The hurricane's classification ended up much higher than anticipated, and it's keeping them halfway across the world.
The hurricane was stronger than forecasted, so they're stuck halfway across the world.
The ice is melting on my tongue like fluffy, fleeting snow!
- The identical twins Shirayuri Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan burst onto the Aikatsu scene like shooting stars.
The idol classes are in a different building from us.
The idol from space.
The Idol Music Count-up that aired yesterday?
The idol side is way different from the other side.
The idol side is way different than the general side.
- The idol track classes are in a different building from us.
The idol who tops the list will be given the chance to grace us with a performance.
The infinite expand of stars is your stage!
The inside of your head is probably filled kimi no atama no naka wa kitto - with totally different things than mine - watashi to wa chigau kara - With totally different things than mine - watashi to wa chigau kara The usual scenery itsumo no fuukei The usual scenery
The inspiration for this cheer squad came from Mio-chan's love of penguins.
Their angelic hymns resound across the northern lands.
Their Best Friends Rare Dresses are almost too dazzling!
Their Best Friends Rare Dresses are dazzling!
Their Best Friends Rare Dresses are so dazzing!
Their characters are appropriate, but their acting leaves something to desire.
- Their characters are appropriate, but their acting makes thing difficult.
Their concert tickets sell out almost immediately after they're made available.
Their conversation's already ground to a halt. Aine.
Their dancing...
Their day and night are opposite that of Japan.
Their day and night are the reverse of Japan.
Their dresses and appeal were both perfect.
- Their dresses and their appeal were perfect.
Their fans?
Their fans are also looking up toward greater heights, just like Love Me Tear.
Their fans seem to appreciate the interaction between two self-confident personalities, unseen before in any other Friends.
Their fans will vote for the ultimate winner.
Their fingers interlaced with care taisetsu ni tsunaida te Their fingers interlaced with care taisetsu ni tsunaida te Surrounded by countless smiles kazoekirenai egao Surrounded by countless smiles kazoekirenai egao The air is full of intimacy itoshisa ga michiafureteiru The air is full of intimacy itoshisa ga michiafureteiru Etching memories of love
Their last game was totally sloppy!
Their likes and dislikes can be complete opposites, but how they click together is irresistible.
Their mismatched combination can win anyone over.
Their original dress...
Their passionate, fighting Aikatsu is lighting a fire in everyone around them too.
Their performance was simply astounding.
Their performance was that perfect.
Their personalities are total opposites.
Their poses look different from usual.
Their poses look different than usual.
Their put out an update.
Their Re: start concert tickets sold out instantly!
Their Re: start concert tickets were sold out instantly!
Their spectacular performance displayed the strength of their sisterly bond.
Their striking Friends debut brought them immediately to the forefront!
Their synergy has earned them a constant spot at the top of the readers' Friends Ranking.
Their "take care" brightens up my sky itterasshai to sora no shita donna deai donna deai Whoever I meet Whoever I meet Whoever I meet donna deai donna sekai donna sekai Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture donna sekai - tsunagaru - tsunagaru - We're connected -
Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita itterasshai to sora no shita
Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky Their "take care" brightens up my sky
Their theme this year is...
Their uncompromising viewpoints as I Believe are clashing at full throttle.
Their victory in the Brilliant Friends Cup earned them a spot as well.
Their victory in the Brilliant Friends Cup secured them a berth as well.
The jewels in their unrefined forms are our national treasures, passed down along with our legends.
The jewels, still unrefined, are our national treasures that have been passed down through legend since ancient times.
The jewel wasn't mad at you after all.
The Joker Garnet Coord!
The judges are extra strict in the Best Friends Cup.
The key lies with AiTube.
The key point is that covers are a magazine's face.
The key point is that the cover is a magazine's face.
The keys to the debut concert are your song and dance, as well as your dress.
The key to it rests with AiTube.
The king?!
The king looks like he's suffering.
The kitty will keep track!
The Kyuwa Pawa Girlies are supposed to be perfectly in sync.
The Kyuwa Powa Girlies are fighting heroines of justice who all the little girls are into right now!
The lace is so elegant and lovely!
The lacrosse team is holding a summer camp to train for nationals.
The last girl got in one minute before I arrived!
The last pair will be chosen in this very Best Friends Cup!
The lead role in a ballet?
The legend about unrefined jewels becoming Jeweling Dresses and making miracles turned out to be true!
The Legendary 101 Battles!
The Legendary 101st Battle.
- The Legendary 101th Battle.
The legend's final chapter.
The Legend's Final Chapter The Legend's Final Chapter The Legend's Final Chapter We have a very special concert planned for...
The lesson room. This is where we practice singing and dancing.
The light of the moon enraptures the heart!
The light of the moon enraptures the heart.
The light of the moon entices the heart!
The light of the moon entices the heart.
The Little Charmant Coord...
The Little Charmant Coord is a dress from Aine-chan's new brand, Sugar Melody.
The Little Match Girl The Little Match Girl The lucky challenge is ten pull-ups!
The Little Match Girl Tissues...
The location of the party has changed!
The long-awaited race is upon us!
The Lovely Friends are on the scene!
The Love Me Lesson is designed to work only if they're perfectly in sync...
The Love Me Lesson is said to work only if they're perfectly in sync...
- The love meteor shower from Love Me Tear Captured the hearts of their large audience.
The Love Me Zone.
The Love Me Zone is our own personal evolution of the Aikatsu Zone.
The lucky animal is a penguin The lucky animal is a penguin "The lucky animal is a penguin." Of all the possible things...
- The lucky food is basilico spaghetti loaded with basil - The lucky food is basilico spaghetti loaded with basil basilico spaghetti loaded with basil"?
"The lucky items are wood-carved bear and shisa"?
- The lucky job is a tissue advertiser!
The lucky job is a tissue salesman!
- The lucky job is a tissue seller!
The lyrics are so cute!
The main highlight is the keyboard skirt.
The man who combines Japanese dance and calligraphy in a single stroke...
The man who continues to create waves through the collaboration of Japanese dance and calligraphy...
The market will remain closed through the blizzard, so I saw no reason to stop them.
The Master Battle Tourney: Summer Idol Special!
The master is...
The master is Love Me Tear!
The matching aqua ribbon and scarf expresses you so well.
The MC Miss Maika was also very passionate and wonderful!
The Melody Diamond Coord.
The melon bread is ours!
The Minato family is amazing!
The Mint Feuille Coord!
The Miracle Dress cards are even designed to be special.
The Miracle Dress cards have a special pattern on them.
The Miracle Dresses have an amazing secret about them!
The miracle of frienergy.
The Miracle of Frienergy The Miracle of Frienergy The Miracle of Frienergy Oh, thanks.
The miraculous light that can take us to the heights of idols was born!
the moment I stepped on stage...
The moment it shouts.
The moment of destiny is at last upon us.
The Moment Shouts The Moment Shouts The Moment Shouts Chouno Chouno Boxing Boxing Gym Gym Hey one, two!
The moment they come together, infinite possibilities expand.
The moment you lose faith in your partner, your Friends is over.
- The moment you walk into the world of idols, you're a blank palettes, fresh and pure as can be.
The moment you walk into the world of idols, you're blank palettes, fresh and pure as can be.
The moon...
- The moon and diamonds each have their own way of shining - The moon and diamonds each have their own way of shining - We will all shine with our utmost from here on! - We will all shine with our utmost from here on!
The more people I can get, the better.
- The most brightly shining idol of all is Sakuya-oneesama!
The most gorgeous and sexy brand in the world!
The most important part of color coordination is matching the colors.
The most important part of color coordination is the pairing of colors.
The most important thing in choosing a brand is to make sure it matches your personality.
The most important thing is to make someone happy.
The most radiant idol of all is Sakuya-oneesama!
The most squee!
The most successful Friends from around the country gathered for the Brilliant Friends Cup.
The motifs are glimmering stars and the phases of the moon at night!
The myself I imagined, the my life of my ideals souzou shiteta myself risou datta my life The myself I imagined, the my life of my ideals souzou shiteta myself risou datta my life Are full of happy little accidents ureshii gosan bakari Are full of happy little accidents ureshii gosan bakari
The mysterious realm that exists beyond the limits of concentration.
Then...
Then allow me to explain the job of a head producer.
Then allow me to explain the role of a head producer.
The name is, of course...
The Napoleon-style jacket is the highlight.
The Nationwide Fan Meeting Tour is now all stages complete!
Then can you fly me to the moon?
Then can you take me to the moon?
Then could ours be...
Then does that mean you're the Sakuya-san of the famous fortune site, Dark Side of the Moon?
Then do you want to be in the event with Mio-chan? Just as her assistant.
Then, Ema-sa...
The Neo Combination Coord is a Premium Rare dress just overflowing with Mio-chan!
The Neo Combination Coord is a Premium Rare Dress just overflowing with Mio-chan!
The nerves are getting to me!
The new combinations are Ema-san with Sakuya-san and Maika-san with Kaguya-san.
- The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika
- The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - Chouno Maika - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing
- The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing
- The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage - The New Muse of Dancing Mirage
The new schools will all be built overseas, so I must travel abroad to oversee their construction.
The new school year's starting soon, so I want to fill up all the pages I can with new friends.
The news of the day is the story of six idols who made the discovery of the century.
The new student debut concert is closely watched by many idol fans as well.
The next goal will decide it.
The next part is the performance.
The next super culturist to descent to our ranks is the man who walks a single path balancing flower arrangement and martial arts...
The next super culturist we'll welcome in walks a single path balancing flower arrangement and martial arts...
Then Honey Cat got their chance to shine.
Then I...
Then I began doing modeling work, which got me into Aikatsu, where I started designing Material Color.
Then I can easily alter the colors and patterns like this.
Then if we do the same things now...
The night clouds have passed, bathing the pair in dazzling moonlight.
The night clouds have passed, illuminating the pair in dazzling moonlight.
Then I have a meeting for my next project.
Then I'll accept.
Then I'll give you a little tip.
Then I'll gladly accept.
Then I'll just offer you this one hint.
Then I'll train you right up!
Then I'll train you right up?
Then I'm glad. It was worth convincing the other staff.
Then I must have a chance of doing it right now!
Then I shall not allow this program to be broadcast!
Then I started designing Material Color.
Then I started doing modeling work, which got me into Aikatsu, I got into modeling because of that, which led to becoming an idol.
Then is there anyone you're interested in?
Then it comes like a spark.
Then it expanded just like the big bang.
Then it's confirmed! We're holding a surprise party!
Then it's true. This will be their last...
Then it was just your misunderstanding?
Then I've got just the thing.
Then just before the day came for my debut concert, I chose my own brand to wear.
Then just stay down there the rest of your life.
Then Kaguya-chan and Sakuya-chan!
Then let's add it to your outfit.
Then let's get everyone on the idol track!
Then let's get everyone on the idol track in!
Then let's have them all made.
Then let us begin.
Then Maika-chan challenged her, with the fate of her dual-wielding on the line.
Then Maika-chan challenged her, with the future of Ema-chan's dual-wielding on the line.
Then maybe it fell out?
Then my unrefined jewel started shining, and I was able to get my Diamond Jeweling Dress.
The Nocturne Night Coord has a star and moon phase motif.
Then people would be able to see us no matter how far away they are!
Then please accept these in exchange.
Then pour the syrup on, and it's done.
Then reforming is...
Then right before my debut concert, I chose the brand I would wear.
Then she can come camping?
Then stop wishing and climb up here right away...
Then that makes things simple.
Then that means those must be Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan's Miracle Dresses!
- Then the climax is our battle with all of your memories about magic on the line.
Then the Friends power you mentioned earlier...
Then the important thing she wanted to talk about...
Then there are interpreters and event planners too.
Then the remote meeting you were in was about the Diamond Dresses.
Then there's each and every one of our rival Friends.
Then there's my recommendation, the camp grounds.
Then there's no mistaking it.
Then there's Reflect Moon.
Then there's something I need to ask you for.
Then the reunion is...
Then they'll be just fine!
The number of roses represents the love I feel.
The number of times you've saved Reflect Moon is nothing to scoff at either.
Then we got a huge offer to promote it.
Then we'll be the ones to become Diamond Friends!
Then we'll bring on Pure Palette partway through.
Then we'll need to chase them with all we've got.
Then we'll start bringing up Pure Palette partway through.
Then we should go a step beyond!
Then we will take the sweet bean bread.
Then what about the documentary?
Then what are all these shoes here for?
Then what brought you here?
Then when I saw you, I was overcome with relief and sleepiness...
Then why did you help us?
Then why help us?
Then, wouldn't the same be true for you, Kaguya-chan?
Then you'd better show me the cunique way of the Karen school of love.
Then you'd better show me your Karen-style, cunique way of spreading love too.
Then you have to make matching Friends Dresses.
Then you have to show some real passion for what you want to express.
Then you'll be doing the song too?
Then you make matching Friends Dresses.
Then you must prove that to me!
Then you talk instead.
The one and only!
The one I want to walk with!
The ones chosen as Best Friends were Honey Cat, and...
The one that captured my heart was Sugar Melody, the brand that the stylist Chiharu-san poured her soul into.
The one thing I remember is that we promised to keep it a secret between us.
The only drawback is that some may consider it too elegant and refined.
The only light I need in my life is the brilliant gem of the moon, Onee-sama!
The only my reason my live was a success was thanks to you, my classmates, and a lot of other people's help.
The only one who can make you shine your brightest...
The only person who I've ever shared my entire life with is Kaguya-chan.
The only problem is that you were separated for just a little too long. Right?
The only reason that I do not remake our Friends is simply that I realized Hibiki is not worthy of me.
The only thing you need to be overflowing with is love, I say! Love!
The original commercial for it was created by the famed Monsieur Zack Baran.
The original commercial was created by the famed Monsieur Zack Baran.
The other day, I got a TV gig where I got to interview Hinata Ema-chan, a third-year idol at our school.
The other Shuffle Friends group, Cat Moon, is extremely popular among elementary and middle school-aged girls.
The pain suddenly subsided.
The pair to receive the most points from the judges here and the viewers at home will be given the Best Friends Award.
The password is evolustakia.
The Password is Evol Ustakia!
The password is kisuidatsukaia.
The pastel colors are enhanced by the vivid accent, and it's more than just cute.
The pastel colors are highlighted by the vivid accent, and it's more than just cute.
The pearls shine just like droplets of water.
The pearls shine like droplets of water.
The people are simply unsure of what to make of you.
The people have lost their smiles in this freezing cold...
The people in Solvette had begun to understand the allure of Aikatsu.
The people of this country are beginning to open up to Aikatsu.
The perfectly synchronized pair protect the fashion of Earth!
The person I've shared my entire life with is Kaguya-chan.
The phantom Friends who retired after witnessing our Love Me Zone.
The pink diamonds make it look both gorgeous and cute!
The pink lining in the crisscross is the highlight.
The Pink Link Coord's main points are its pink checkered design and light blue highlights on the skirt and scarf.
The pop and pastel colors of the candy and cupcakes were extremely cunique.
The populace is entirely unaware that Sister was an idol, much less what Aikatsu even is.
The populace is entirely unaware that Sister was an idol, much less what Aikatsu is.
The presentation of the song and worldview you built nearly moved me to tears.
The previous winners are seeded automatically.
- The Principality of Solvette is a freezing cold snow country, surrounded by mountains.
- The Principality of Solvette is a freezing country with snow surrounded by mountains.
The Principality of Solvette is a freezing, snowy country surrounded by mountains.
The Principality of Solvette is just more important to me than Aikatsu right now.
The Principality of Solvette is very far away.
The producer had to go around begging on his hands and knees just to get them all to agree.
The producer had to go around begging on his hands and knees to get them all.
The product we'll be promoting is this chocolate mint maracon.
The prophesy minister has never been wrong about the fate of Solvette.
The pucker of the raspberries brings out the sweetness of the chocolate.
The rabbit up there continues pounding his mochi ano usagi wa kyou mo omochi tsuki The rabbit up there continues pounding his mochi ano usagi wa kyou mo omochi tsuki The rabbit up there continues pounding his mochi ano usagi wa kyou mo omochi tsuki The full moon shining bright invites us to a feast
The radiance of the full moon explodes with each bite as a well-rounded flavor fills my mouth.
"The radiance of this night's moon will engulf all light that dares shine against it." In other words, it's saying...
The radiance of those Diamond Dresses is proof of being a top idol!
The radiance of those Diamond Dresses is proof of their top idol status!
There!
There.
The real reason I became a reporter was to spread the facts as a journalist.
There are all kinds of idols here.
- There are almost as many replies and videos from people.
There are a lot of paths you can take.
- There are a myriad of brands, each steeped in personality.
- There are countless brands, each dripping with its own personality.
There are countless brands, each steeped in its own characteristics.
There are countless idols who would love to be Friends with you.
There are fish in this river!
There aren't many schools with idol tracks, so a lot of girls stop by to check out what it's like.
There are other presenters before me.
There are plenty of idols who would love to be Friends with you.
There are plenty of other important things to remember while acting too. For instance...
There are so many!
There are so many crows.
There are so many different dress brands!
There are so many fancy machines!
There are so many of our fans here to support us.
There are so many visitors to our open campus!
There are so many Wakaba goods!
There are some people chasing after me.
There are three things in this world I can absolutely not accept.
There are times in life one must face with utmost solemnity.
- There are times in life when one must bear down.
There are times when you just can't smile.
There are times you focus too much on not messing up that your movements end up sloppy.
There are tons of cameras!
There are too many children around the world who yearn to do Aikatsu, but cannot.
There are two routes to the stage.
The reason I became a journalist was because I wanted to show facts to the world.
The reason I decided to enter this audition is because I wanted to widely disseminate knowledge about my home, the moon.
The reason I'm able to speak with you on the radio is thanks to all of your letters.
The reason we could only do it here...
The reason we invited you specifically was because we prepared a super shinique present for everyone.
There could be no kinder or more pure of heart princess.
There could be no princess kinder or purer of heart.
the red of passion!
The red of passion!
The red roses represent unshakable conviction.
The Red Team leader, Asuka Mirai-san, will be singing "Identity".
The Red Team's theme is ghost cheerleaders.
Therefore, as an exception among exceptions, two Friends units will be awarded the right to compete in the Diamond Friends Cup.
Therefore, Coco-chan knew that an incident would occur today!
Therefore, I'm going to practice Aikatsu with Pure Palette so that I may gain enough skill to be worthy of being Friends with Hibiki again.
Therefore, it must be delicious as the blueprints intended!
Therefore, I will too.
Therefore, she's as good as being Reflect Moon's younger sister.
The refreshing mint flavor washes over you like highland winds, and the texture is crisp.
The refreshing sweetness of the ripe tomato is spreading throughout my mouth and creating an exquisite harmony with the savory, rich cheese!
The refreshing tang of the ripe tomato spreads in my mouth and creates an exquisite harmony with the rich, savory cheese!
There is.
There is but one.
There is more to that hallowed platform than simply winning and losing.
There is no need for you to worry.
There is no such thing as impossibility.
There is no such thing as the impossible.
There is nothing.
There is one thing I have learned as goodwill ambassador.
There is only one method by which this country may be saved.
There is someone I absolutely must form Friends with.
There is something we would like you both to assist us with.
There, Kamishiro Karen-san of Love Me Tear was appointed Aikatsu goodwill ambassador.
There, Kamishiro Karen-san of Love Me Tear was appointed as Aikatsu goodwill ambassador.
There'll be a mindblowing miracle, so don't miss it!
The remaining four karts are locked in a furious dead heat.
The remaining three teams rush towards the second obstacle.
The remaining three teams rush toward the second obstacle.
There might be a space walk test too.
There might not be any more on earth.
There, Mio and I faced all sorts of trials alongside a whole bunch of other Friends.
There must be traps hidden about.
There! My goal is to dual wield!
There, perfect!
There really was something.
There're so many people!
- There're some people after me.
There's a colossal amount of Aikatsu you need to invest in.
There's also a third person, Ken-san, who's in charge of makeup.
There's also one more.
There's also space to write down designs or other ideas.
- There's also that thing about what you say and what you mean being opposites.
There's always some kind of incident predicating cases like this.
There's a mountain of things to do, but let's see...
- There's a trick to staying on your game - genki ni naru hiketsu wa - There's a trick to staying on your game - genki ni naru hiketsu wa - It's sending your bestie power for you - zuttomo e no pawafoyu - It's sending your bestie power for you - zuttomo e no pawafoyu
There's barely any time.
There's cheese inside this chocolate cake!
There's France, right?
There should be an album over there.
There should be some idols in school who've been on TV dramas and such, so I'll ask if they can come.
- There's just more I have in mind than when we practiced.
There's just one last thing we can do.
There's just one problem.
"There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about." "I'm truly, honestly glad..." "that we met each other." Aine! Mio!
There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa "I'm truly, honestly glad that we met each other" "kimi ni deaete honto ni honto yokatta" Filling up my album with brand-new Friends arubamu ni mata atarashii furenzu - Hearts dancing to and fro - waku waku shite
There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa tashikamenakutemo machigainai koto wa
There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about There's just one thing I'd never have second thoughts about
There's just one worrisome point...
There's just one worry...
- There's no end to the idols who want to pair with you, so why pick a girl from gen curriculum?
- There's no end to the idols who want to pair with you, so why pick a girl from the general curriculum?
- There's no guarantee even a single unit will get a spot in the Diamond Friend Cup.
There's no guarantee I'll even apply to this school, see?
There's no guarantee we can do it again in the semis.
There's no need for concern.
There's no need to return anything!
There's no need to worry.
- There's no need to worry. Aine has guts, unlike you.
There's no need to worry. Even five years ago, I was doing Aikatsu here in secret.
There's no need to worry. I did Aikatsu here in secret five years ago.
- There's no need to worry. Unlike the both of you, she's a courageous girl.
There's no other option.
There's no other reason she'd get that mad at me.
There's no point in entering if we're not the hottest.
There's no point in just repeating the same thing.
There's no problem that way, right?
There's not a minute to spare.
There's not a single wasted action.
There's no telling when you two might become Diamond Friends.
- There's nothing to be afraid of.
there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that So keep on at your own pace, there's nothing wrong with that
There's nothing you need to worry about!
There's no time!
There's no time...
There's no time. I've got to hurry!
There's no time. Resume!
There's no use fighting against a cold.
There's no way around it.
There's no way Coco could Aikatsu while living in the Aikatsu Mobile World...
There's no way I can keep walking.
There's no way I could be Diamond Friends with you as you are now!
There's no way I could get angry with you over the audition.
There's no way this'll be an ordinary show!
There's no way we can have a party here now!
There's no way we can send you to the studio unprepared. Just leave it to me.
There's no way we could ignore an SOS from you.
There's no way we wouldn't be into it after hearing the people of Solvette need us.
There's no way you can sing like this.
There's no way you'll fail now.
There's no work today, and I finally have off.
There's one more thing.
- There's only enough width for a single machine at a time!
There's only one goal we could possibly have.
There's only one thing.
There's plenty of meat and vegetables to go around, so eat to your heart's content!
There's really no way I can defeat Karen-san.
There's so many people!
There's something I just have to tell you.
There's something I learned.
"There's something important I want to talk about..." Yeah, but she didn't tell me what.
There's something important we have to talk about today.
There's something I need to tell you.
There's something I've learned.
There's somewhere I want to go.
There's so much.
There's still big gap between us and Love Me Tear, but you mean someday, right?
- There's still more! Each of us could only use a single spoon to dig a tunnel through this mountain of cream.
There's still some time left.
There's such a variety too.
- The rest depends on your determination.
There's that confidence of her's.
There's that confidence of hers.
There's the slightest hint of sweetness beneath the bitterness.
There's this one specific thing I just know Mio will lose her mind over.
There's this thing called Mirai's Miracle Audition happening soon.
The rest of Fly's lines will be recorded after that.
The results for tea ceremony are in.
There sure are lots of large scale things.
There sure are lots of large-scale things.
There sure is a big audience outside.
There's way too much pressure!
There, there. You're such a good girl, Wakaba-chan.
The reviews are overwhelmingly positive, and comments keep on flowing in.
There was a chance you would compete in the Diamond Friends Cup, after all.
There was a spot of trouble, but with some quick thinking, they got ready in time.
There was some kind of miscommunication, and we got way too much.
There we go. This way suits you much better.
There were a lot of fabulous brands I would've liked to try, but I had decided since before I became an idol.
There were a lot of surprises, but as a result, we were able to become even better friends with Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan.
There were a lot of surprises, but the treasure hunt let us become even better friends with Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan.
There were Ken-san's dancer friends and your close friend Noa-san.
There were lots of times I thought I couldn't make it as an idol.
There were lots of viewers saying there's no way the discovery of the century would be coming.
There were many fabulous brands I would've liked to try, but I had decided since before I became an idol.
There were some snags along the way, but the fashion show was a big success in the end.
There were these friends, A-san and B-san.
There were those who appeared to rescue us.
There were times I wore myself out trying to balance both Aikatsu and lacrosse, but since it was my own choice to dual-wield, I never once found it hard.
There will be a full moon.
There will be many visitors coming to see me.
There won't be any space for souvenirs left!
There you are, Aine-chan.
There you go again. I've never met another idol who calls traditional festivals "fests".
There you have it.
There, you're finished.
The rich butter in the cookies spreads throughout my mouth with a simple but superb taste!
The road to spacekatsu is a rocky one, and yet...
The road to spacekatsu is thorny, and yet...
The road to the future.
The Road to the Future★ The Road to the Future★ The Road to the Future★ Appearing in a drama... But why me?
The rock...
The role I assigned Aine-chan to is a super exciting one.
The rookie idol who loves Aine, Harukaze Wakaba-chan, ended up following her as a one-day shadow.
The rookie idol who loves Aine, Harukaze Wakaba-chan, ended up following her for a one-day shadow.
The rookie idol Yuuki Aine is going to challenge Ema to a serious lacrosse match!
- The room is filled to the brim with amazing idols!
- The room is filled to the brim with shining idols!
The room is filled to the brim with spectacular idols!
The rose petals are our gratitude for the children who pooled their allowances to get us bouquets of flowers.
The Ruby Jeweling Dress.
The rules are simple. You're not allowed to say "Aikatsu" until I tell you so.
The salt brings out the sweetness of the watermelon, right?
The salt emphasizes the sweetness of the watermelon, right?
The same as our Friends name!
The same goes for you.
The same pair who placed second in last year's Diamond Friends Cup right behind Love Me Tear?!
The same person who's so into her Friend Albums now?
The same thing happened to me.
The sapphire blue is gorgeous.
The sapphire blue is on point.
The Sapphire Jeweling Dress is just as beautiful every time I look at it.
The Sapphire Jeweling Dress was born today.
The scarier something is, the more boldly you charge at it with your eyes wide open!
The scarier something is, the more you always face it with eyes wide open!
The script tells everyone when they should do what ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 The script tells everyone when they should do what.
These act as your certifications as an idol, so always keep them on hand.
These are all props for my shows.
These are for Mirai-san and Karen-san.
These are going to be Pure Palette's most critical dresses.
These are going to be Pure Palette's most precious dresses.
These are gold leaf chocolates and gold leaf rice crackers.
These are lovely.
These are my treasures.
These are our true forms as princesses from the moon!
These are so cute!
These are the ears that idol wore doing reports on that animal show.
These are the ears that idol wore while doing reports on that animal show.
These are your idol certifications, so always keep them on hand.
The season for the Aikatsu Song Battle has come once again!
These auditions and goodwill ambassador work are Aikatsu for that purpose.
These cards...
The second is whipper-snappers who walk with smartphones glued to their faces.
The second is whippersnappers who walk with smartphones glued to their faces.
The secret to its success with everyone from toddlers to the elderly is the simplicity of imitating it.
These... don't exactly fit my style.
These feelings are crazy.
- These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen
- These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen - These feelings keep burning on and I just want to let it happen
These flowers are cute!
These Hokkaido idols have descended here from heaven!
These macarons will be sold in convenience stores, right?
These memories are shining like gems inside the treasure chest of my heart.
These memories shine like gems inside the treasure chest of my heart.
These new dress designs are fantastic.
These snacks are all-you-can-eat!
These stairs...
These temperatures are unnatural.
These three are my assistants.
These three are my secretaries.
These top idols who represent Japan have even starred in high-profile dramas and Hollywood movies!
The set props came in late, so we're building it asap.
The set props came in late, so we're rushing to set it up.
These twin idols hailing from the moon will illuminate the stage like the night sky.
These two for Hibiki-san and Alicia-san.
These two won their way here from the idol track of Star Harmony Academy.
These two won their way here over all the idols of Star Harmony Academy.
The Shakin' Party Coord is my reliable ally!
The shape of this skirt is so cute.
The shoe's on the other foot.
The shuffled Friends was fun, but these two are just the best!
The sight of their backs gave us both a target to aim for and a pillar to lean on.
- The sight of their backs just ahead of us was a huge motivator and also gave us something to lean on.
The sight of the rivals we must surpass.
The signal is possibly totally coming from this direction.
The silver motif makes this the Nocturne Night Coord.
The skies!
The sky is completely clearing up!
The snowflake motif is fantastical, and I quite like it.
The snow is the point!
The songs will be back-to-back.
the spark!
The Special Award goes to...
The staff, the models, and the audience all came together as one, turning the show's theme, ~Everyone's Sceneries~, into reality.
The staff, the performers, and even the audience...
The stage...
The stage is a battlefield.
The stage is a pure-white palette!
The stage is finished!
The stage of our showdown...
The stage props came in late, so we're rushing to set it up.
The Star Harmony Cup is officially open!
The Star Harmony Cup is under way!
The Star Harmony Fashion Show.
The starry infinite expanse is your stage!
The stars are beautiful.
The stepping stone sank!
The stepping stone sunk!
The story goes that only when a dancer performed did she once again open her heart.
The story of Love Me Tear's incomparably dramatic formation is historic!
The stress is written all over your faces.
The studio and dressing rooms change daily, so always check ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 The studio and dressing rooms change daily, so always check.
The studio and dressing rooms change daily, so check closely.
The stylist!
The stylist Chiharu-san, and the hair-and-makeup man and lesson coach Ken-san.
The stylist, Chiharu-san, poured her soul into her brand Sugar Melody, and her dresses took hold of my heart.
The sun is high, oh so high.
The super culturists!
The support of your fans is an idol's most valuable possession.
- The support of your fans is an idol's most valuable thing.
- The support of your fans is the most valuable thing an idol possesses.
The synergy between them has earned them a constant spot on the readers' top Friends ranking.
The tang of the raspberries brings out the sweetness of the chocolate.
The theme I had in mind for this design was the greatest of friends shining in the brightest of dresses.
The theme I landed on was ~Everyone's Sceneries~.
The theme is "thank you".
The theme is... the macaron boy's confession!
The theme I want for my event is...
The theme of my work is "admiration".
The theme of this Best Friends Cup is survival!
- The theme of this fashion show is - ~Everyone's Sceneries~
The thing is...
The thing is, she's apparently been looking really hard for your present.
The thing is, she's been looking really hard for your present.
The thing is, there's something important I want to talk about...
The thing is though, for this particular program...
The things you'll need to consider for the debut concert are your song and dance, not to mention your dress.
The thing we saw at Karen-san and Mirai-san's concert?
The three Friends who won their way here through fierce competition, Reflect Moon, Honey Cat, and Pure Palette will be challenging the three-time Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear!
- The three qualities needed are knowledge, fitness, and luck.
The three qualities of success are knowledge, fitness, and luck.
The three units who made it into the Diamond Friends Cup.
The Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island is about to start!
The "Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island" thing was one heck of a fun idea.
The Thrilling Adventure on Volcano Island is about to start!
The tickets are already on sale!
The tickets have already sold out.
The time capsule is over here!
The time has come.
The time I got to spend with you all has been some of the most fun and happy of my life.
The time is ripe for us to enter the Best Friends Cup.
The time you've all been waiting for has come!
The title of our new song is "Have a dream".
- The tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich!
The topic is... flower arrangement.
The top idol Minato Mio-chan and possessor of untold potential Yuuki Aine-chan will paint this pure white stage in their own color.
The travelers from abroad appear to be continuing their so-called "Aikatsu" activities.
The trials were relentless, but by joining forces with Aine and our rivals, we were able to overcome.
The trials were relentless, but by joining forces with Aine and our rivals, we were able to overcome them.
The tricolor body and borders express an adorable little boater.
The tricolor body and borders make for an adorable little seafarer.
The truth is, I am the princess of the Principality of Solvette.
The truth is, I just haven't had many opportunities to even meet...
The truth is, I just haven't had many opportunities to talk with...
The truth is, I've been searching for someone who could be my successor to do Aikatsu in space.
The truth is that me and Kaguya-chan...
The truth is, you've always wanted to sing for yourself.
The twin idols Shirayuri Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan burst onto the Aikatsu scene like shooting stars.
- The twins Shirayuri Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan burst onto the Aikatsu scene like shooting stars.
The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - Forget about a prince, you're not going to find anyone around here.
- The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal
"The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal." - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal
- The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal - The two must be awakened by a prince before they can reach the goal This reminds me of...
The two of them really are incredible.
The two of them, they're super lively.
The two of us can face anything.
The two of us got to be on a TV show the other day.
The two of us, together.
The two of you have produced countless other Aikatsu events to great success, and I would ask you do the same for me.
The two of you wear totally different types, so it's only natural you'd clash on this.
The two of you were perfectly in sync.
The unique snowflakes scattered around each part really upped its fashion level.
The unit who claims the Best Friends Award will earn a spot in the Diamond Friends Cup.
The unit who earned the highest scores and claimed the master's throne...
The unit who earned the highest scores and reached the throne of master is...
The unrefined jewel!
The usual scenery itsumo no fuukei Turns into a brand new town mita koto nai machi Turns into a brand new town mita koto nai machi In a prism of colors irotoridori ni In a prism of colors irotoridori ni Spreading before us hirogatteku Spreading before us hirogatteku Hey, hey! Wasn't their Friends
The venue is sold out. Well done, Aine.
- The Venus of love - ai no viinasu - The Venus of love - ai no viinasu - The Venus of love - ai no viinasu And the Mars of war arasoi no maazu And the Mars of war arasoi no maazu And the Mars of war arasoi no maazu
The very picture of cunique.
The victors are Pure Palette!
The victors will be Reflect Moon.
The video we shot...
The viewers want to see passion collide on the stage.
The view from up here with you is the most excellent one ever!
The volcano erupted, and for some inexplicable reason, whipped cream came out!
The wait is over!
The water is still cold!
The water is still cold in this season!
The way of Aikatsu is not mastered in a day.
The way of Diamond Friends isn't built in a day.
The way to communicate with bears was "la la la", wasn't it?
The way you are now, we'll never become Diamond Friends!
The weather cleared up just as Sakuya-oneesama predicted.
The weather minister knows everything about our land, so he cannot be mistaken.
The weather minister knows everything about our land, so it's impossible for him to be mistaken.
The whipped cream and custard are delightfully rich, yet the fruit leaves a refreshing aftertaste!
The White Team leader, Kamishiro Karen-san, will be singing "Overflowing with love".
The White Team leader, Kamishiro Karen-san, will be singing "Overflowing with Love".
The whole Aikatsu ambassador thing.
- The whole audience is in the palm of their hands. It's no wonder they're the favorites to win.
The whole family will be there to watch!
The whole reason we were able to use a Miracle Appeal is because you did Aikatsu with us.
The whole universe...
The whole venue is full of your fans.
The wind felt so pleasant...
- The winds of changing trends turn and turn, it's a ton of fun - fuu ga kawatte gururi gururi tanoshii - The winds of changing trends turn and turn, it's a ton of fun - fuu ga kawatte gururi gururi tanoshii - Being unique's the best, pushing the border of our time - chigatte iinda zenbu zendai mimon
The winner of Block A who will appear in the finals is Pure Palette!
The winner of the Block A semi-finals is...
The winner of this year's Best Friends Cup is...
- the winners are...
The winners of the Star Harmony Cup are...
The winners will earn a spot in this winter's Diamond Friends Cup as well as the pair of Brilliant Dresses!
The winners will get the Brilliant Dresses!
The winning Friends will then go on to represent our academy Winning Friends Winning Friends Winning Friends Brilliant Friends Cup Participation!
The words of others simply cannot set my heart in motion tanin no kotoba de wa kono kokoro wa ugokasenai So I slowly close my eyes and let out a deep breath sotto me wo tojite ookiku iki wo haku no So I slowly close my eyes and let out a deep breath
The world champion? That's amazing!
The world is a miracle.
The world is a surprise.
The world of idols isn't that kind.
They accepted me with open arms, even after my Friends fell apart and I had to go solo.
They acknowledged Pure Palette as legitimate rivals, and cheered them on.
They all look delicious!
They all look delicious.
They always get so excited for our shows.
The Yaohachi girl!
They appear to be located nearby, so I'll pay them in person later.
They are an absolute necessity to rule in Japan.
They are at once both Friends and rivals.
They are entirely hidden from view...
They are quickly approaching the first barrier of the track.
They call it "evol ustakia"...
They call it their Love Me Lesson!
They call them...
They can't make it after all.
- They command the room so well. No wonder they're the favorites to win.
They command the whole hall so well.
They created peerless and perfect Best Friends Rare Dresses.
They decided to earnestly clash with each other in every way imaginable, which led to them reforming with a stronger bond than ever before!
They decided to engage in an all-out earnest clash, which led to them re-forming with a stronger bond than ever before!
They deepened their Friend bonds as Honey Cat even further.
They deserved to be enjoyed.
They don't match.
They drove up the wall!
They each have a special tandem design where the idol in front controls the steering and the idol in back controls the pedals.
They each have this many?
The year's almost to a close, so let's give it all we've got!
The year's at its close, so let's give it all we've got!
They even allow you to enter either solo or as Friends!
They even busted out a Miracle Appeal during their performance!
They even leapt into a Miracle Appeal during their performance!
They found—me!
They found what I was looking for!
- They gave us both a target to aim for and a pillar to lean on.
They get along great despite their differences, and recently they finally decided to form a Friends unit!
They get along great despite their differences, and they finally decided to form a Friends unit!
They go far beyond my wildest dreams.
They got a match on us.
They got crushed?
They happen at the climax of excitement, so we can't afford to mess up.
They happen at the climax of the song, so we can't afford to mess up.
They have all been split into Red and White teams to compete in a series of solo performances.
They have a special tandem design where the idol in front controls the steering and the idol in back controls the pedals.
They have enough gigs scheduled to make your eyes spin. We're set on that front.
They have enough jobs scheduled to make your eyes spin. We don't have to worry on that front.
They have even offered to sponsor your solo debut with a movie tie-in.
They have lots of fans from around the globe, and their World Dome Tour was a huge success!
They have no idea how hard we worked for this.
They have no idea of all the blood, sweat, and tears we shed for today.
They have their own takes on all their sweets.
They have times they want to throw a bumping party too!
They have us beat in morals and conscience.
They heated things up right out of the gate.
They hit it off right after meeting, but neither could take that final step toward becoming Friends.
They inspired me like nothing before.
They laughed a bunch, cried at times, had a couple of fights, and worked really, really hard until they became Diamond Friends.
They laughed lots, sometimes cried, had just a couple of fights, This isn't good... Do you think she's off today?
They'll always be the best and greatest of Friends!
They'll be able to see every little mistake.
They'll be just fine then!
They'll be sure to enjoy it.
They'll both need to stay strong.
They'll come in handy on the plane.
They'll heat up the stage like the tropical sun!
They'll make our performances more powerful.
They look fantastic on stage, but the cards themselves are gorgeous too.
They look like they're having fun.
They look yummy!
They made a big bang with their frienergy!
They made it!
They materialized a Miracle Aura for the first time in history.
They may be our rivals today, but good luck, Nako-chan and Nico-chan!
They may have clinched it.
They might be planning to break up Love Me Tear.
They might even test how many moon dango we can eat!
They might get too tired to continue.
They must have found out that the original Coco, only intended to support idols, wanted to do Aikatsu as well.
They must want to throw parties once in a while too!
They need a strong rival to activate it?
They pulled that Miracle Aura out of nowhere.
They push one another to greater heights.
They put out an update.
They're a clever bunch.
They're all Aikatsu amateurs.
They're all over the place! The attacks aren't supposed to hit them until later.
They're all proving that they belong, but as of right now, Baby Pirates is still a head above the rest.
They're all proving their worth and right to be here, I'm going to keep up with you!
They're all so incredible.
They're all sparkling.
They really got us good.
They really heated things up.
They really spent their whole Fan Meeting Tour doing training like this?
They really were perfectly synchronized!
They're almost there.
They're amazing.
They're apparently located close to here, so I'll pay them directly later.
They're around every corner sekai wa mirakuru! afureterun da mon Everyone and everything I meet is a treasure deaeta subete ga takaramono Everyone and everything I meet is a treasure deaeta subete ga takaramono Everyone and everything I meet is a treasure deaeta subete ga takaramono Tomorrow is full of love!
They're around every corner sekai wa mirakuru! afureterun da mon The world is a miracle!
They're astounding.
They're back!
They're Best Friends!
They're betting it all on this.
They're calling for us.
They're calling for us, Onee-sama.
They're complete at last.
They're constantly looking far ahead to a future we can't even imagine.
- They're developing nicely.
They're Diamond Friends now, after all!
- They're doing great.
They're doing really important work right now.
They're dresses filled with everything we love!
They're dresses made for Best Friends.
They're finally back.
They're for us?
They're going to do spacekatsu?
They're going to get even harder?
They're going to keep on doing different things until they eventually reach one-hundred and one battles.
They're going to run through competitions until they reach a hundred and one battles.
They're going to space next!
They're good Friends.
They're having a really important talk about work right now.
They're here! Sakuya-chan!
They're here... to delete Coco.
They're hot!
They're important enough to influence the outcome of the Diamond Friends Cup.
They're kind of... having a blast?
They're last year's runners-up by a hair in the Diamond Friends Cup!
They're like ballerinas!
They're magic words of miracles that'll get everyone to love, love, love Aikatsu.
They're making a commercial for their new product.
They remind me of the splash we made that day.
- They're not breaking up, right?!
They're not going for fun.
They're not just fans. The press, big industry names, and other idols are here too.
They're not just fans. There's the press, big industry names, and other idols here too.
They're not just pros.
They're not on the same wavelength at all, even though their brand reveal is coming up.
They're not on the same wavelength at all, even with their brand reveal coming up.
They're not weird!
They're now accepting applicants for those confident in their abilities.
They're on! Love Me Tear!
They're on TV! Love Me Tear!
They're our fans too, huh.
They're our precious dresses created from the clash of our personalities.
They're our treasures!
They're perfect for each other!
They're planning to broadcast it all around the world.
They're planning to make a commercial for their new product.
They're precious dresses created from the clash of our personalities.
They're really rather gentle.
They're right. Honey Cat couldn't have come this far without you either.
They're right on track.
They're saying evol ustakia.
They're selling at an incredible rate!
They're so charming I'd feel bad for it not to be a real brand.
They're so charming I'd feel bad for them to not be a real brand.
They're so cool.
They're so cute!
They're so cute, but it's not a brand...
They're so nice. I bet they all match your style.
They're so sparkly!
They respond to an idol's brilliance and give birth to a Jeweling Dress.
They're still so far.
They're still so far away.
They're such beautiful colors, don't you think?
They're sure to be delighted.
They're surpassing everything they did as Diamond Friends!
They're surprisingly fired up.
They're the closest allies you'll have at your side.
They're the closest ally you'll have at your side.
They're the diamond of the Friends sphere!
They're the first dresses we made together.
They're the glimmering Diamond Friends!
- They're the illuminating Diamond Friends!
They're the long-distance Friends from Tokyo and Nagoya.
They're the miracle, magic words that'll get everyone to love, love, love Aikatsu.
They're the ones from before.
They're the pros among pros—professional Friends!
They're the same!
They're the two idols you don't want to miss!
They're together everywhere, all the time.
They're unique yet brutal, so brunique?
They're weak to heat despite being a summer bloom, which is why you usually find them along mountain streams.
They're your friends?
They said, "I don't want to do Aikatsu".
They said they wanted to do spacekatsu nobody's ever seen before.
They said they want to do spacekatsu nobody's ever seen before.
They said you deserve a break.
They said you were out training in this oppressive heat.
They said you were really interesting.
They say she wanders around looking to form Friends.
They say she wanders campus looking for form Friends.
They say that eyes speak louder than words.
They say that thinking of something totally unrelated that makes you smile is a good way to relax.
They say that truth is stranger than fiction.
They say the early bird catches the worm.
They seem to disappear every time we approach.
They showed off a Miracle Aura for the first time in history.
They sound so amazing, it's like they live in a different world.
They stole a march on us.
They sure are tough.
They totally got us. I didn't expect to be on the receiving end of their reassurance.
They truly are top idols of the entire universe!
They've always been right by our side, giving us strength.
They've always been the closest by our side giving us strength.
They've been cast in an infotainment program covering Dream Park Land.
They've been cast in an infotainment program to introduce Dream Park Land.
They've been evolving their appeal.
They've been together ever since they were born.
They've evolved it to a new level.
They've got a fan in Coco!
They've ignited their engines.
They've really learned to steal our thunder.
They want each other to keep being themselves.
They want me to become a brand muse and make my solo debut?
They want you to do voice work for a children's animated feature film.
They were absolutely perfect for such a fresh pair.
They were all far more resolute than I expected, each walking boldly down their own path of Aikatsu.
They were all smiling just a minute ago...
They were at their brightest yet!
They were each brilliant on their own, but together...
They were last year's runners-up by a hair in the Diamond Friends Cup!
They were New Version Notification Cocos!
They were perfect for such a fresh pair.
They were perfectly synchronized!
They were quite enthusiastic about the idea.
They were reluctant at first because it would be hard to set up and there was no guarantee of success.
They were scheduled to be immediately after us. What if they don't show?
They were simply stunning.
They were so looking forward to doing it just earlier.
They were strong competitors who could've easily become top Friends.
They were unmistakably Miracle Dresses.
They will lead the frogs back to their previous dwellings.
They wouldn't go that far...
The zone?
The Zone...
Things are heating up!
Things are heating up even hotter!
- Things are really cooling down.
Things are really heating up!
Things are really heating up.
Things are really heating up! And I know how much you love camping, Ema.
Things will be busier than ever before.
Things will be busier than ever before soon.
Things will really heat up!
thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single
thing that stands in your way Don't avert your eyes from a single thing that stands in your way me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto nante hitotsu mo nai me wo sorashite ii koto
Think about it.
Think about it. Only true friends open their hearts when they clash with each other.
Think about it. She has to fly around the world to build her schools.
Think about what you want to say.
Think back!
Think hard, but without thinking.
Thinking back, that was before we all formed our Friends.
Thinking back, the last time I entered the Aikatsu Zone myself, I felt cornered by the responsibility of replacing Love Me Tear and had surpassed my limits before I knew it.
Thinking back, the whole reason I was able to find what was missing from my dress design was because Aine was there.
Thinking back, we hadn't even formed Friends back then.
Thinking back, we hadn't even formed Friends yet.
Thinking of how we can improve with our new rivals elates me.
Think long and hard about what would make your fans most happy.
Think Nannothing of it!
Think Nannothing of it.
Think Nannothing of it! Keep on at it!
Think Nannothing of it! We'll put the past behind us and move forward!
- Think Nannothing of it! We'll put the past behind us and move on forward!
- Think Nannothing of it! We'll put the past behind us and move on to the next!
Think nothing of it.
Think you're up to looking after my adorable rookie?
Thirty-two minutes left!
This!
This.
This...
- This all builds towards our battle with all of your memories about magic on the line.
This always happens.
This always happens when you let Dad do his thing.
This amount of open space should be more than enough.
This battle will go down in Aikatsu history as the moment a miracle occurred.
This binder is my treasure box.
- This Brilliant Friends Cup's...
This brings back memories of all the training we did on the odyssey of our Fan Meeting Tour.
This brings back memories of our Fan Meeting Tour odyssey.
This can be the only time!
This cannot be overlooked.
This chocolate mint macaron is on the house.
This ChocoMint Macaron is on the house.
This concert hall...
This could be difficult considering you're already in high demand both together and individually...
This could only be called the renaissance of confectioneries!
This defeat will push them to shine even brighter.
This development...
This doesn't have any trace of Maika-ness.
This draw will reveal the first round matchups.
This draw will seal the first-round matchups.
This dress closes the curtain of night with the mysterious glow of its silver lines.
This dress from straight out of a fairy tale is my treasure.
This dress I received from you will protect me from any encroaching misfortune.
This dress is the same!
This dress is your starting point.
This dress straight out of a fairy tale is my treasure.
This early in the morning?
- This elegance requires lines precise to the millimeter, and the manufacturers followed the specifications exactly.
This elegance requires lines with millimeter precision, and the manufacturers followed the specifications exactly.
This feels great.
This feels like a dream.
This feels really nostalgic.
This feels really nostalgic somehow.
This feels so good.
This feels so novel. Never before have I been pulled along so strongly.
This film will be released internationally!
This ghost cheerleader squad was thought up by Aine-chan when she wondered whether ghosts like to participate in fests too.
This gig...
This has never happened before, so why now?
This here's one of Karen's friends, Kyle-kun!
This is!
This is...
This is actually for a gig doing voice work.
This is Alicia-san, from the Principality of Solvette.
This is all for the sake of us becoming the ultimate unit, Diamond Friends.
This is amazing.
This is a message from Love Me Tear!
This is an idol lesson handbook.
This is an ultra lightweight portable trampoline I had developed as part of my goodwill ambassador work.
This is a problem for Solvette to solve.
This is a proposal?!
- This is a rare chance. Will you take it?
- This is a rare opportunity. Will you take it?
This is a shop for the brand I'm the muse of.
This is a show for only us?
This is a show just for us?
This is a simple favor.
This is a super scary horror movie.
This is a test!
This is awesome! It's like a treasure trove of Aikatsu goods!
This is awesome! Your divination was on the nose!
This is bad, my notebook...
This is called an idol lesson handbook.
This is Coco's Counseling Room!
This is commendable Aikatsu too.
This is completely the opposite direction as the final audition.
This is Ema and Maika.
This is Ema-chan, from Maika's Friends.
This is exactly what Friends are for!
This is for everyone!
This is for Pure Palette.
This is for the best, is it not, Mother?
This is for ventriloquism.
This is for you!
This is for you, from Papa and Mama.
This is for you too.
This is from me.
This is fun!
This is great!
This is great! Thanks!
This is great too!
This is Hibiki-san's favorite, isn't that right?
This is how I will guide you through your Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island.
This is how one plus one becomes infinity.
This is it!
This is it.
This is just right kore ga iinda This is just right kore ga iinda This is who we are kore de iinda This is who we are kore de iinda And one day we'll make it itsuka rasuto supaato And one day we'll make it itsuka rasuto supaato Slowly strolling, singing, sailing
This is Kaguya. Status report.
This is kinda nice. Kaguya-chan's actually got that little sister vibe.
This is Lapin-chan.
This is Mako-chan. I met her during a recent handshake event.
This is Mio's mother.
This is my final design.
This is my idol, Aine-chan.
This is my school for teaching Aikatsu.
This is my very own Premium Rare Dress!
This is no time for tea!
This isn't good... Do you think she's off today?
This isn't nearly enough to do the Friends Appeal to surpass all Friends Appeals...
This isn't right. I'll do it over.
This isn't right. I'll make another.
This isn't the kind of thing where "just anybody" is fine.
This isn't the stadium!
This isn't the time for that, Onee-sama...
This is one of Love Me Tear's Miracle Dresses, the Soul Destiny Coord.
This is one of my idols, Aine-chan.
This is on the house.
This is our...
This is our battleground.
This is our big chance to make everyone in the audience smile!
This is our determination and energy!
This is our servant we brought from the moon...
This is our stage!
This is overflowing with your love.
This is probably going to take a while.
This is Reflect Moon's Miracle Dress, the Night Dream Fantasy Coord!
This is Satou-san, who often sends me messages on Friendsta.
This is serious, Mio!
This is simply where I've arrived after proceeding down the path of spreading love around the world.
This is so amazing.
This is so hard.
This... is space?
This is starting to get fun!
This is surely the time for her.
This is the bag that we will have you promote.
This is the best way to end our race.
This is the Diamond Wish Coord and the Diamond Dream Coord!
This is the epitome of happiness!
This is the first time I've ever slept somewhere besides my own room, so I can't fall asleep.
This is the first time I've ever spoken with so many people.
This is the last chance you'll have if you want to become Diamond Friends.
This is the latest design.
This is the perfect gift, Onee-sama!
This is the recording studio.
This is the same feeling I had after Mirai's show.
This is the stage where everything will begin.
This is the Star Harmony Fashion Show!
This is the studio where that drama was shot before.
This is the studio where they shot that drama.
This is the theme...
This is the time for her.
This is today's Idol Unmasking!
This is to take back the lost smiles of Solvette!
This is unexpected!
This is unprecedented!
This is Wakaba.
This is what Karen-sama has said.
This is where a prank-loving fairy was sealed.
This is where a prank-loving fairy was sealed in.
This is where the event is?
- This is where we can find the brightest glimmering dream - ichiban suteki na yume koko ni aru - This is where we can find the brightest glimmering dream - ichiban suteki na yume koko ni aru Endearing, so enticing, and oh so nostalgic wokashi, itowokashi totemo natsukashii Endearing, so enticing, and oh so nostalgic
This is where we keep all the dresses for the show.
- This is where we'll take the first step towards a new start in our Aikatsu.
This is where we take the first step in a new stage of Aikatsu.
This is where you dress up before going on stage.
This is your chance to get everything off your chest, Wakaba-chan.
This is your debut song.
This is your own brand, so why are you not going?
This kart race will double as the debut for each brand's summer racing wear lines, and Friends representing each brand will be racing in a high-profile competition.
This kart race will double at the debut stage for each brand's summer racing wear lines, and each brand's representative Friends will be fighting in a high profile competition.
This land was once bountiful with the laughter of her people.
This'll be the first time I've ever worn such a cute dress!
This'll be the most emotional documentary of all time.
This looks like fun!
This looks more like the great hall of a castle.
This looks so familiar for some reason!
This looks to be a very stylish and cool commercial.
This macaron commercial is really important to her.
This makes our fourth year of Friends present exchanges.
This may be a touch scary...
This may be difficult without any experience.
This means that we're friends now!
This might be a bit of a leap.
This might be a bit overblown.
This might be difficult without any experience.
This might be just what we need.
This must be attended to.
This must be because of how good the first one was.
This must be what Aine really wanted to talk about.
This must be what pros are like!
This Neo Combination Coord has an asymmetric silhouette and a mix of many materials!
This new song is loaded with my emotions.
This nodding... it signals her imminent fall into a deep slumber!
This one!
This one is Marron-chan...
This one's different from the others.
This one's mine.
This path...
This pattern and texture...
This picture's kind of sideways...
This planet, your home, will not have to suffer.
This problem is Solvette's.
This program already has an indefatigable master in it.
This program has a long-reigning invincible master.
- This race is so hotly contested that even finishing is a major accomplishment.
This race will be so difficult that even making it to the finish will prove nigh-impossible.
- This race will be so severe that even making it to the finish will prove nigh-impossible.
This radiance is totally excellent, right?
This really cute cat that's trending on Friendsta.
This really is much easier than doing it by myself.
This really isn't good! I'm not doing my job at all.
This really puts it in perspective.
This requires deep deliberation.
This rice cracker is cunilicious!
This road can only lead to ruin.
This room is where the models get their hair and makeup done to match their dresses.
This room next door is...
This sandwich is a masterpiece!
This Saturday.
This Saturday...
- This Saturday. The thing is, there's something important I want to talk about...
This scenery would be perfect if only I was with a loving boyfriend.
This sensation...
This sensation... I've felt it before.
This shelf is about Karen-san, and this one is about Mirai-san.
This should be fun.
This should be just what you need to get back into gear.
This should be no big deal.
This shouldn't be happening.
This should show off all the best parts of Pure Palette!
This skirt adorned with lots of luxurious gems is lovely!
This smells like a scoop!
This spot...
This sucks.
This summer's biggest event, the Star Harmony Cup, is under way.
This summer's biggest event, the Star Harmony Cup, is underway.
This time...
- This time around the world!
This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World
This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - Fan Meeting Tour 2 - This Time Around the World - This Time Around the World This Time Around the World
This time I'll be the one to make you smile in return for cheering me up!
This time they would like the two of you to do an event together.
This trial's a rocky road!
This view would be perfect if only I were with a loving boyfriend.
This was crafted with cutting-edge engineering.
- This was crafted with cutting-edge engineering, I took it with me during my Spacekatsu.
- This was engineered using cutting-edge technology, I took it during my Spacekatsu.
This was marinated in honey mustard.
This was nearly a miracle.
This wasn't in the plan!
This was our discovery...
This was the area. Spread out and search.
This was the Colorful Pop Fruit & Cream!
This was the result of divining Kaguya-chan's fate.
This way!
This way.
This way, Suzuka-chan.
This weather's not really conducive for holding a lesson, so why not try belting it all out at karaoke?
This weekend, I'll be holding a solo concert.
This week's master is once again Kamishiro Karen!
This whole section is magazine clippings.
This will be my first pajama party experience, so I had trouble narrowing down my options.
This will be my first pajama party, so I had trouble narrowing down my options.
This will be my first time overseas, and I'm already super excited about it!
This will be our first time producing an event that features so many idols.
This will be our first time producing an event with so many participating idols.
This will be our first venture abroad.
This will be our first venture into doing work abroad.
This will be our last chance to get into the Diamond Friends Cup!
This will be out last chance to get into the Diamond Friends Cup!
This will be the first time they've directly competed on stage, won't it?
This will be the key to a successful Jeweling Festival. Isn't that right?
This will be your final trial.
This will mark the beginning of a new chapter in Pure Palette Legends!
This wind...
This year's Best Friends Cup will be held on my personal island.
This year's Diamond Friends Cup is bound to be exciting!
This year, we have two hundred whole Friends!
This year, we have two-hundred whole Friends!
Those are...
Those are both inspiring ideas.
Those are hardy orchids. I read about them in a flower encyclopedia.
Those are hardy orchids. I've read about them in a flower encyclopedia.
Those are Japanese peppers, so they won't ever become sweet.
Those are just the kind of ideas I'd expect from an Aikatsu artist!
Those are my beliefs.
Those are my tools of the trade.
Those are the feelings I put into our song.
Those clothes give her an entirely different charm from how she's been all day.
Those clothes give her an entirely different charm than how she's been all day.
Those dresses have made them even more radiant!
Those girls have us beat in morals and conscience.
Those girls sure do love to announce the most outrageous things.
Those two are feeling it now!
Those two sure are hot.
Those two totally believed you.
Those two would make a wonderful Friends unit.
Those two would never ran away.
Those were truly sublime performances.
Those who believe will be saved, as they say.
Those who have passed will now attend the next assessment...
Those who stand in the ring together are friends bound by those ropes.
- Those who stand in the ring together are friends by the name of comrade.
- Those who stand in the ring together are friends by virtue of sharing that experience.
Those you look after will surely open their hearts to you.
Though if I had to choose, I'd go with dorayaki.
Though I must say, I'm impressed by your condition after running such a long distance.
Though in your case, it's more because you're spoiled for choices.
Though in your case, it's more of a First World problem.
Though the passing of time may start to dull its shine toki ga tattemo keshite kienai Though the passing of time may start to dull its shine toki ga tattemo keshite kienai These feelings without fail will one day sprout and bloom kono omoi wa kanarazu minoru wa These feelings without fail
Though they are each appealing in their own way...
Though they're rivals, they Aikatsu together, support each other, and celebrate their successes and victories.
Though this is just a one-off, so pick whoever and...
Though you still have a long way to go.
Three!
Three customers coming in!
Three days.
Three days...
Three, two, one!
Three! Two! One!
Thrilling Adventure on Karen Island!
Thrilling☆Adventure on Karen Island!
Th-Thanks.
Th-Thanks! But I don't really need henchmen...
Th-Thank you.
Th-Thank you...
Th-Thank you for coming.
Th-Thank you too! I'm so grateful to you.
Th-That article!
Th-That gave me a shock.
Th-That might be easier!
Th-That's all basically the same thing...
Th-That's right. Even the smallest things can net you fans.
Th-That's right. You never know what'll make you more fans.
Th-That wasn't any fault of yours...
Th-The next turn is probably a right!
Th-Then it was all just a wrong assumption?!
Th-Then that means you want to know more about romantic relationships?
Th-They're too amazing.
Th-This is!
Th-This is...
Th-This is hard!
Th-This is nothing!
Th-This is super hard...
Th-This... is... the end...
Th-This wasn't in the plans...
Th-Th-This is...!
Thus cancelling it, not to mention postponing it, would be out of the question.
Thus, I have called upon these hired hands.
- Ticket GET! - So hype!
- Ticket GET! - So hype! - Way too excited! - I want to see Wakaba-chan right now - She's so good at dancing! - Wakaba-chan is so cute!!
Tickle tickle tickle tickle!
Tickling doesn't make me laugh!
Tigers are felines too. There couldn't be a better choice for Honey Cat.
Tigers are felines too. They're natural friends of Honey Cat.
- Time - distance - Heart rate Burning the midnight oil again, I see.
Time for the results!
Time to eat, Penne.
Tip-tap tip-tap-top buzzing in the air chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu tenshon agete Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru Each tap is part of my heartbeat tappu ni wa kodou ga aru
- Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite - Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite - Tip-tap tip-tap-top feel the passion - chippu tappu chippu tappu tappu jounetsu kanjite A fire burns along to the rhythm rizumu ni wa ondo ga aru
Tissues!
To Alicia's homeland, the Principality of Solvette.
To a new stage.
~To a New Stage~
To a New Stage "To a New Stage"?
- ~To a New Stage~ - ~To a New Stage~ - ~To a New Stage~ - ~To a New Stage~ - ~To a New Stage~
To answer the expectations of all the fans who have supported us...
To any tried and true fan of Friends, their happiest moment is when the Best Friends Rare Dress is revealed.
to ask you a favor.
To be accurate, it's more like I don't have the time to feel lonely yet.
To beat her...
To become Diamond Friends with Aine, I need to double down on my Aikatsu!
To become Diamond Friends with Maika...
To become friends with everyone in the world.
- To be continued - To be continued So cool!
To be continued To be continued To be continued Cut!
To be continued To be continued To be continued tatta tararatta...
- To be Dancing Mirage's Muse!
To be extra, extra, extra, extra sure!
To be Friends with Hibiki again, I must learn what she's been doing in my absence.
To be friends with you!
To be honest...
To be honest, I almost gave up partway through.
To be honest, I have never cooked anything in my entire life before.
To be honest, I messed up the page I was supposed to use.
To be honest, since the moment I saw you dancing I've been squirming to join in!
To be honest, since the moment I saw you dancing my body's been squirming to join in!
To be honest, the only Miracle Appeal we've ever done was just the one in the Best Friends Cup.
To be honest, there was a bit of a miscommunication, and now we can't use the café we thought we booked.
To be honest, there was a bit of a miscommunication, and now we can't use the café we wanted to book.
To be precise, you're a transfer student, but I'm having you participate since you're new to being an idol.
To be precise, you're a transfer student, but I'm having you participate since you've only just begun as an idol.
To be totally honest, I might not actually know what that means either.
- To cap it off, I broke past my limits and delivered a truly captivating performance.
To cap it off, I broke past my limits and delivered a truly captivating performance for the climax.
To celebrate your successful solo live, we got to talking about throwing you a party.
To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan
To close it out, we have a very special surprise guest.
To Coco-chan's world!
To commemorate the occasion, Shirayuri Kaguya-san will sing the insert song here for you.
To confirm, that's one extra stuffed tomato sandwich, Pure Palette special, two house blends, and a Lycopene Spark Friends Tart, correct?
Today, as Honey Cat...
Today, at this very moment, a new legend will be born!
Today, I announce my return to idol activities!
Today I'm gonna make a whole bunch of unforgettable memories with everyone!
Today I'm solo.
Today, I'm solo.
Today, I shall open your hearts with a dance of my own.
Today is the start of your solo work.
Today's card is this!
Today's card is this! Hibiki-san's Jeweling Dress, the Heavenly Ruby Coord!
Today's card is this! Mio-chan's Material Sapphire Coord!
Today's drama was so much fun.
Today's finally the day.
Today's Honey Cat Video Uploaded!
- Today's job is a very special interview.
Today's lessons are gonna be harsh.
Today's memories are treasures of mine as well.
- Today's Moon Phase - Today's Moon Phase - Today's Moon Phase - Waning Crescent - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I could never bring myself to walk onto a stage that holds only misfortune for Kaguya-chan.
Today's our 20th anniversary service day!
Today's our celebration too!
Today's performance is my declaration.
Today's session was so much fun.
Today's show is special, so I heard they're including some innovative battles.
Today's the day...!
- Today's Top Pick - Today's Top Pick - Today's Top Pick - Today's Top Pick - Today's Top Pick - Today's Top Pick Today's Top Pick Today's Top Pick Next up, a trending AiTube video called "An unbelievably splendid production of Cinderella by idols"!
Today the sky above continues to be blanketed in white sora wa aru ga mama ni kyou mo shiroku somatteiku Today the sky above continues to be blanketed in white sora wa aru ga mama ni kyou mo shiroku somatteiku I look up and as always I can only live in the moment
Today wasn't the first time, either.
Today was only possible because of the help of a certain Friends we know.
- Today was only possible because of the help of one set of Friends.
Today was the first time I've ever had such a lively dinner too.
Today was the last day of lacrosse camp, right? Are you coming back with us, Ema?
Today we have Block A of the semi-finals, with performances from Honey Cat and Pure Palette!
Today we have gathered several super culturists who have devoted their lives to writing a new page in history.
Today we'll be introducing Hinata Ema-san, an idol one year ahead of us at Star Harmony Academy.
Today we'll be unraveling the secrets behind why Love Me Tear are top idols.
Today we'll unravel the secrets behind the success of the top idols in Love Me Tear.
Today we're bringing you Pure Palette live from the Principality of Solvette, far away from Japan.
Today we're broadcasting from the Izu Peninsula.
Today we're coming to you live with a fabulous guest.
Today we're coming to you live with Pure Palette in the Principality of Solvette, far away from Japan.
Today we're coming to you live with this fabulous guest.
Today, we're making our restart.
Today we've called two wonderful Friend units to join us.
To dispense with formalities, there's something I must tell you.
To do that, I'll have to work even harder.
To do that, we need to go out and meet them and hear their voices like today.
To do the macaron folk dance?
To do this right, I'm going to need as many people as possible.
To earn Tamaki-san's approval to produce the fest, we have to win no matter what, Aine!
To everyone in the world! Thank...
To express my gratitude, I want to give you the greatest show of your lives.
To find what was essential to being an idol.
Together!
Together...
together can change even our lives kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado jinsei mo kaechau yo They're too far away, there is just no way hirosugite toosugite They're too far away, there is just no way hirosugite toosugite They're too far away, there is just no way hirosugite toosugite Don't give up and say "I can't
Together, our two fragments combine to create a full moon.
Together we can shine even brighter!
Together we can shine even more!
Together, we create the all-illuminating radiance of the moon.
Together with Aine.
Together with Ema!
Together with Love Me Tear and Pure Palette.
Together with Mio.
Together with my dress, let's paint the stage with dreams.
To give you a shiny smile!
To have a good dream, I recommend wearing the cutest pajamas you have, imagining something really exciting, and drinking warm milk!
To help in her time of need, we formed an idol unit, also called Friends, and I had my first Aikatsu experience!
To help them make up, Kaguya-san wrote a song called "Have a dream", and Sakuya-san designed the Day Dream Fantasy Coord.
To help them make up, Kaguya-san wrote the lyrics to "Have a dream", Aine-chan and Mio-chan met each other, formed Friends, and have come so far.
To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan To: Chouno Maika-chan
To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan To: Hinata Ema-chan
To idols, cards and friends and fans are friends.
To idols, cards are friends and fans are friends.
To idols, cards are friends, and fans are friends!
To idols, cards are friends, and fans are friends.
tomaru koto mo shiranaide - Tomorrow too - ashita mo - Tomorrow too - ashita mo - I'm spinning - mawaru - I'm spinning - mawaru - I'm spinning! Spin it girl your feelings will begin to dance as well - mawaru mawaru yo girl kimochi mo odoru - I'm spinning! Spin it girl your feelings will begin to dance as well - mawaru mawaru yo girl kimochi mo odoru
Tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwich!
Tomato, basil, and cheese special sandwiches! I figured we could share them.
Tomato bring it on!
Tomato, bring it on!
Tomato, Bring it On☆ Tomato, Bring it On☆ Tomato, Bring it On☆ "Aine, let's go to school together"?
Tomatoes are friends too!
Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes Tomatoes Good morning.
To meet their fans around the world.
To me, fans are my friends.
To me, she is the one and only person I've never been separated from through thick and thin.
To me too, you're my one and only.
To me, you're my one and only as well.
To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan To: Minato Mio-chan Thanks, everyone!
tomorrow is still an unknown kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end
tomorrow is still an unknown Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu kinou yori kyou wa mirai
Tomorrow I would need to depart on my own.
To my beloved friends, I am going to focus solely on what I must do.
To my family, always watching over me, and Aine's big family as well.
To my family always watching over me, to Aine's big family, and to everyone who's supported me, I want to continue repaying you in kind.
To my precious one and only, Yuuki Aine...
Tonight, on this stage hotter, brighter, and more blinding than all the stars in the galaxy combined!
Tonight, they descend...
Too bad!
Too bad for you.
Too slow! Run faster!
Too tight, too tight! Kaguya-chan, Coco is just the messenger!
To our families, every, every, every sing one is a precious friend!
To participate in the Diamond Friends Cup, you need a Friends unit.
Top idol Minato Mio-chan and possessor of untold potential Yuuki Aine-chan combine to paint this pure-white stage.
To protect their smiles, my own wishes are unnecessary.
To pull off the Friends Appeal to end all Friends Appeals, we need more...
To refuel you. It's filled with extra tomatoes and basil.
To risk it all for my own desires...
To schedule a Premium Rare Dress premiere in a short three days, though?
To spread more love than ever before with my next performance.
Totally unrelated?
To tell you the truth, I'm still completely dazed by how blindingly bright Love Me Tear's performance was.
To that end...
To the friends who fill me with power.
To the other side of the Earth.
To the trash!
To think Aikatsu would actually be banned.
To think they had another trick up their sleeves.
To treasure!
towa ni rinku suru ruuto shikai wa saewatatte Follow the route to link eternally and you'll find an endless horizon towa ni rinku suru ruuto shikai wa saewatatte - Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de - Move heaven and earth with your will - tenchi yurugasu ishi de
to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you?
to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms - Question 2 - What present does that animal then give to you? - Flowers - Cake - Money - Poisonous Mushrooms
To your gig, obviously.
To yours?
Traditional Patterns Without top-tier dresses, becoming Diamond Friends is a pipe dream.
Training!
Training for outer space takes just that much dedication.
Train me!
Train me?
Train to your hearts' content.
Traveling the globe to meet all of your fans is a splendid expression of love.
Treasure hunter advisory.
Treasure Hunter Advisory!
Treasure spotted in a flash!
Treat her like a sister.
Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord Treat Holic Coord I'm Coco!
- Trending amongst girls Trending amongst girls Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance Macaron Folk Dance The simplicity of the dance allows everyone from toddlers to the elderly to join in.
Trends in dance evolve by the day.
Très bien!
Trial two! Tame one of Karen's pets and get a map of the island.
Triplets, quadruplets, or more, there is only one Sakuya-oneesama.
True.
True, Ema-chan embodies sweet pop, whereas Maika is more of a passionate sexy.
True, everyone needs a break sometimes.
True. If she said that you were one hundred percent Friends or besties, that would've been a sure sign to re-form.
True, I'm inclined to agree.
Truly amazing idols can change even their fans' worldviews.
Try and bring me happiness.
Try and come up with some ideas for the first day.
- Try as we might there's always something new to do - naka naka mada mada umaranai - Try as we might there's always something new to do - naka naka mada mada umaranai - Try as we might there's always something new to do - naka naka mada mada umaranai
Try exhaling with your lips closed.
Trying to break up Friends is too far for a prank!
Try not to faint!
Try saying "Hello, Coco-chan" into your Aikatsu Mobile.
Try thinking about what you want to eat most right now.
- Try to imagine.
Try to speak clearly without stumbling.
tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now
tsugi no iro ni kawaru Even if you come to regret it, even if you'll fall to pieces nanika wo koukai shitatte mata kujikesou ni nattatte Today is the future of yesterday, tomorrow is still an unknown kinou yori kyou wa mirai ashita wa mada mada michisuu Until eternity, this will never end
tsugi no watashi like it Into the next me, I like it tsugi no watashi like it Hibiki-san said that jewels are naturally drawn to the chosen idols, but it's not like us to believe that patience is a virtue.
tsugi no watashi like it Into the next me, I like it tsugi no watashi like it Is this... a Jeweling Dress?
tsugi wa donna iro ni challenge challenge shiyou The ambition I've had ever since that day ano hi motta akogare wa The ambition I've had ever since that day ano hi motta akogare wa Is still in motion driving me tomaru koto mo shiranaide Is still in motion driving me
tsukuru sora no saakuru A circle tracing the heavens tsukuru sora no saakuru A sphere revealing reason risei utsusu sufia A sphere revealing reason risei utsusu sufia A sphere revealing reason risei utsusu sufia Deafly rotating smoothly far above our heads nanimo kikazu sotto mawasu dake Deafly rotating smoothly far above our heads
- tsunagaru - We're connected - tsunagaru - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out Sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them
tsuretteittekureru hazu Will take us to somewhere we've never been tsuretteittekureru hazu No matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu No matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu No matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu
tsuretteittekureru hazu Will take us to somewhere we've never been tsuretteittekureru hazu Not matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu Not matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu Not matter where we'll always be connected donna tokoro ni datte tsunagaru hazu
T-Toryah!
T-Training time!
Turn a hungry cat happy and a happy cat jolly!
Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana Turn it into an enticing trap shikaketa amai wana - So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu - So that anyone who lays their eyes will have their hearts captured - sono hitomi wo toraete kokoro wo yusaburu
Turn left and keep going...
Turn that around, and you'll find the things you couldn't do before, you can do now as Diamond Friends.
Turn yourself in!
- Twinkles I wanna hug you right now~ Aine-chan, Mio-chan, be brave! HMGCA Guts! Guts!! GUUUUTS!!! SNHJKNO1 I'll cheer until my throat gets sore, so put on the best show you can! I know you can do this! miyurin You two will definitely be fine! Ryo-chan I can't wait to see your performance! I love your spirit! mochi042 Have fun singing out there! I'll cheer and sing along with you! AKA I'm supporting you from overseas! Just be your usual Pure Palette selves! Don't be scared! yunacchi All of us fans are watching over you, so there's nothing to worry about!
Two...
Two hours and thirty minutes remain until the surprise party.
Two parts of a moon split in half, as it were.
Two people?!
Two people who are irreplaceable to one another, I think.
Two people who find one another irreplaceable, I think.
- Two smiles aglow - niko niko shite Our energy overflows genki moratte When you smile at me kimi ga waratte I smile back at you watashi mo warau And everyone is connected tsugitsugi tsunagaru With a million sparking smiles bibitto egao hyakumanninbun Slowly strolling, singing, sailing along, striding smoothly through life
- Two smiles aglow - niko niko shite Our energy overflows genki moratte When you smile at me kimi ga waratte I smile back at you watashi mo warau And everyone is connected tsugitsugi tsunagaru With a million sparking smiles bibitto egao hyakumanninbun - The audience is always yearning to witness a new idol embark on her saga.
Ugh, it's so cold.
Uh...
Uh, actually, never mind.
Uh, B-san not to worry about her.
Uh, no...
Uh, then, would you mind putting your autograph on this?
Uh, um...
Uh, well...
Uh, well, the thing is...
Uh, well, would you mind putting your autograph on this?
Uh, who's that?
Uh, yeah! Sorry.
Uh, you...
Um!
Um...
Um, are we allowed to leave the studio?
Um... Are you sure I can really say this to Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan?
Um, are you sure we should be taking a casual stroll?
Um, are you sure we should just be taking a casual stroll?
Um, could you say it a bit simpler?
Um... here...
Um, here's your access badge.
Um, how did the two of you end up performing together?
Um, how do we...
Um, how should we...
Um, I apologize for...
Um, if it's okay, could you divine just one more thing?
Um, I have one more request...
Um, I just remembered I have more work to do.
Um, I know, but that's not...
Um, like selling enough tickets...
Um, maybe next time!
Um, Mirai-san. Did you take me out to cheer me up?
Um, Mirai-san, thank you again for taking time out of your busy schedule to help me.
Um, my mom is the chef.
Um, perhaps it's this way, or it may be that direction?
Um... Returning to the moon is far more complex than you can imagine!
Um, so are the two of you...
Um, the darkness is space!
Um, the thing is, I've never played lacrosse before.
Um, they're...
Um, they're kind of...
Um, th-thank you for having me.
Um... To my million friends, so many I can't count, every, every, every single one is a precious friend!
Um, uh...
Um, um, I throw in the towel!
Um, was it this way, or perhaps the other?
Um, we brought... a present.
Um, well...
Um, well, they all...
Um, weren't you going to disband Love Me Tear?
Um, weren't you going to quit Love Me Tear?
Um, what does this mean?
Um, what's all this about?
Um, what's an "accent color"?
Um... Why don't you try drawing on paper?
Um, your home is... the moon?
Unbeatable Love Me Tear.
Unbeatable Love Me Tear☆ Unbeatable Love Me Tear☆ Unbeatable Love Me Tear☆ Heya! Good morning!
Unbelievable...
Unbelievable... They're able to make such insightful food commentary at the same time as speed eating.
Unbelievable... They're able to make such insightful food commentary while speed eating.
Unbelievable. They rebuilt it?
Underground?!
Underground, there was our entire school, plus places from fairy tales.
Underground, there was our entire school, with fairy-tale setups all over the place.
Understood.
Understood. I'll keep that in mind.
Unforeseen circumstances are a regular occurrence in an idol's life.
Unfortunately, abnormal weather conditions have cursed us with unnaturally cold temperatures for the last several years, and the citizens have been forced to live while locked inside their homes.
Unfortunately, Alicia-san still hasn't opened her heart to Aikatsu.
Unfortunately, Alicia-san still hasn't opened her heart to Aikatsu yet.
Unfortunately, at some point I became convinced that winning was the only path for me to follow.
Unfortunately, I didn't have any encounters of the third kind, but I brought it here because I thought you might find it useful.
Unfortunately, it seems that she's been in a slump leading up to the modeling audition.
Unfortunately, our original plans of returning to Japan today on Love Me Tear's private jet have been cancelled due to the onset of this sudden hurricane, as we regret to inform you.
Unfortunately, there's nothing more we can do for them. They'll have to get past this together.
Unidorable?
Unleash the Love Me Zone!
Unleash the Love Me Zone.
Unless the Friends drive in perfect harmony, reaching the goal will be an impossibility.
Unless we are constantly bathed in the moon's presence, we cannot unleash our full powers.
Unless we are constantly bathed in the moon's presence, we're unable to unleash our full powers.
Unless we can get everything set up on the double, the whole surprise will be ruined.
Unless we can get her to come out, Reflect Moon will be disqualified by default.
Unless we can return to our world, we'll never see our fans again!
Unless you can fill that binder to the brim, it's a million years too soon for you to form Friends.
Unless you can get to the end before sunset, they won't let you on the stage!
Unlike me and Ema.
Unlike my usual work, being able to interact with your family and all of our customers felt really fresh.
Unlike you, perfect in everything you tried, I was perpetually mired in mediocrity.
Unlike you, who got bedridden during your first fan meeting.
Unlike you, who was always perfect in everything you tried, I was the very picture of mediocrity.
Unpolished jewels are drawn to idols who possess a strong light.
Unrelenting, never settling, pushing to greater heights through their clash of personalities...
Unrelenting, unmixable, pushing to greater heights through their clash of personalities...
Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end Until eternity, this will never end owari nanka nai owari nanka nai owari nanka nai
Until I can scale that tall, tall wall myself, I'm not giving up!
Until I met Aine, I would always read the mood around me and avoid creating any conflict.
- Until next time!
Until next time!
Until now, I had no idea why.
until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway Down until the end, down until the end of the runway
Until then.
Until this point, you have been so preoccupied with looking good that you forgot to bring a smile to those watching.
Until we meet again, Mirai.
Uphill struggles akusen kutou Uphill struggles akusen kutou - I'm ready when you are! - Kakattekoi!
- Uploaded Videos - Pure Palette Friends Formation First Live - Pure Palette Friends Formation First Live How to dance - Pure Palette Official Channel 50k views Look, we've already got fifty thousand!
Up next from the Red Team is Yuuki Aine-chan.
Up next is the White Team.
Upon my honor, I will change the world for you.
Up there, I spy delishrooms, said to be a hundred times yummier than matsutake mushrooms!
Up until now, and from now on!
Up until now, and from now until forever, we will never be apart.
Use eyes to communicate with fans - Consider the audience in the very back too - Use abdominal breathing Use eyes to communicate with fans - Sing with awareness of vowels in lyrics - Hold mic straight and sing directly into it - Dance with big movements for people in back
Using that!
Uso? itsuwari? soretomo riariti?
us, Pure Palette!
Us, Pure Palette!
Usta!
Ustakia!
Ustakia?
Us too!
Us two?!
- utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - Agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be Tada tada sunao ni takamaru
utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be
utsumuki waratte te wo totta no Carrying both passion and poise jounetsu to seijaku wo kakaete Carrying both passion and poise jounetsu to seijaku wo kakaete Carrying both passion and poise jounetsu to seijaku wo kakaete We can walk forward to a new world arukidasu arata na sekai e We can walk forward to a new world
U-Um...
U-Um, Sakuya-chan?
U-Um... Sorry to bother you at work.
U-Um, well...
U-Um, we want to try doing that too.
Valentine's Day is traditionally a big event for girls.
Very hot.
Very interesting.
Very much appreciated.
Very nice. We'll keep it.
Very nice. We'll keep that ad lib.
Very nice. We'll keep that ad-lib.
Very well.
Very well done!
Very well. I will not disappoint.
Very well, thank you. The herbal tea you gifted to me has quelled the soreness in my throat.
Very well, then. I'll make an exception and give you one chance.
Very well, we shall take the next attempt.
Very well. We will gladly support you for Alicia-sama's sake.
Victory.
Views - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - 2 days ago Aine...
Virtual Aikatsu Goggles?
Visitor List Asuka Mirai Thanks!
Visitor Pass I have permission to watch today.
Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass Visitor Pass U-Um...
Visual!
Voiceover Challenge Mio.
Voiceover Challenge★Mio Voiceover Challenge★Mio Voiceover Challenge★Mio Mio-chan.
Voice work... in other words, voice acting?
Vroom vroom! Race on Karen Island.
Vroom Vroom! Race on Karen Island!
Wai...
Wait!
Wait.
Wait, Aine!
Wait, Aine! The ground is iced over, so be careful!
Wait, are you saying that you predicted all this when you sent me the offer?
Wait, are you scared of ghosts?
Wait, are you serious, Mio?!
Wait, Coco-chan!
Wait, could that be?
Wait, do you mind if I watch?
Wait, do you mind if I watch as well?
Wait, Ema!
Wait, Ema?!
Wait for me!
Wait, go where?
Wait, how do we get down?!
Wait, how do we go back?!
Wait. If that's all you send her, she can't really respond until she's ready to form Friends again.
Wait, I mean...
Wait! I'm not emotionally prepared!
Wait, I'm too high up to see it!
Wait, I must pay you back somehow.
- Waiting Room A - Huh? Why?
Waiting Room A Me and Ema?
Waiting Room And that's everyone who made it to the final selection happening in three days.
Waiting to see your Aine Smile!
Wait... it's all wrong!
Wait, look closely!
Wait, Maika!
Wait! Maybe we can come up with something if we move our bodies!
Wait, Mio-chan!
Wait, Mom!
Wait, Momone-chan?
Wait! My heart's not ready!
Wait, no way!
Wait, Onee-sama! Please wake up!
Wait, please! Onee-sama!
Wait, Sakuya-san!
Wait. Say no more, Mio.
Wait, that...
Wait, that's all...
Wait, that's dangerous!
Wait, that's i...
Wait, the entry deadline is tonight!
Wait, the middle school?
Wait! There is an angel dancing within a rainbow ring to call blessings upon you.
Wait, this is a deserted island!
Wait... this is all wrong!
Wait up!
Wait up, Maika!
Wait, wait! Even given the wording, your imagination is too grave.
Wait, wait! Mio-san is just overthinking things.
Wait! Wait, wait, wait!
Wait, what? We couldn't possibly leave a princess on her own.
Wait, when'd we get so good at geography?
Wait, where?
Wait, you?
Wait, you shouldn't get up yet!
Wakaba!
Wakaba.
Wakaba-chan!
Wakaba-chan?
Wakaba-chan.
Wakaba-chan, about about for you?
Wakaba-chan, congratulations!
Wakaba-chan finally earned her debut!
Wakaba-chan had been worried that she betrayed her during an idol audition in the past.
Wakaba-chan has been assigned to work under Hariu-san during the open campus.
Wakaba-chan, here I come!
- Wakaba-chan is so cute!!
Wakaba-chan, I trust that you remember Aine's moves.
Wakaba-chan's incredible!
Wakaba-chan's no ordinary girl, getting all these people to come for a debut show.
Wakaba-chan, thanks so much for lending a hand today.
Wakaba-chan, thank you.
Wakaba-chan, the Star Harmony uniform suits you perfectly.
Wakaba-chan, the Star Harmony uniform suits you so well.
Wakaba-chan was really scared of feeling lonely without her, but through their last Aikatsu together before her debut, she learned of the new relationship they'll share as idols.
Wakaba-chan, what about one for yourself?
Wakaba-chan, would you look after Alicia-san?
Wakaba, congrats.
Wakaba, going at it whole!
Wakaba, going the whole way!
Wakaba is in her last year of middle school, and still deep in lessons to prepare for her debut.
Wakaba is still an idol egg, waiting to make her debut.
Wakaba is still an idol egg, yet to make her debut.
Wakaba'll do it whole!
Wakaba'll Do It Whole!
Wakaba, make yourself useful until we get back!
Wakaba passed her last trial and came to accept her own talents.
Wakaba remembered Onee-chan's dance whole!
Wakaba, this will be your final trial before I allow you to make your idol debut.
Wakaba! Wakaba!
Wakaba Wakaba Everyone, thank you so much for coming to my debut show today.
Wakaba, you did me proud!
Wakaba, you're going to help out for the open campus.
Wakaba, you've got the touch!
waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte waku waku shite niko niko shite genki moratte - Hearts dancing to and fro, two smiles aglow, our energy
Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now
Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei tsudzuiteku tsudzuiteku rarara... ranuei
Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway Walking ever on, walking ever on the runway
Wanting to put on the very best show we can to enthrall our fans is something we both share.
Want some crab? We've got shrimp too.
Want some help?
Want to go over our lines one more time?
Want to go see it?
Want to rest in the waiting room?
warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun
warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi onaji kono machi no koto suki na hitotachi Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people
warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai mama no ohayou taiyou mitai Hearing Mom's "good morning" warms me like the sun mama no ohayou taiyou mitai Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people Seeing the same town every day, full of my favorite people
Was also thanks to Aine.
Was directed with a story of boys confessing their love to girls for Valentine's.
Wasn't it also your idea to invite them to your show?
Wasn't it also your idea to send out invitations to your show?
Wasn't it different before?
Wasn't it going to air?
Wasn't it just the most romantic commercial you've ever seen?
Wasn't it super exciting creating the concept up from scratch?
Wasn't it the most heart-throbbing commercial you've ever seen?
Wasn't she the one who begged to come along camping, though?
Wasn't that a jab?
Wasn't that because of your divination?
Wasn't that Coco's voice?
Wasn't the whole point of this pajama party to prove to Karen-san that it was okay to release the Love Me Zone?
- Wasn't the whole point of this pajama party to prove to Karen-san that it was okay to unleash the Love Me Zone?
Was Sakuya-san always like that?
Wasshoi!
Wasshoi! Wasshoi! Wasshoi!
Was that a lie?
Was that ever a thing?
Was that just a lie?
Was that not just the perfect opportunity to talk?
Was there something else?
Was there something you wanted to say?
wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo Never forget, we'll shout it as much as it takes wasurenai yo nankai datte sakebu yo
was you.
Was you.
- watashi ni aou - A me I've never known - watashi ni aou - There's no doubt - kitto ne - There's no doubt - kitto ne - There's no doubt - kitto ne - Girly? - Gaarii? - Girly? - Gaarii?
watashirashii watashi to Knowing who I've always been watashirashii watashi to Knowing who I've always been watashirashii watashi to - I can surely meet - itsumo to chigau - I can surely meet - itsumo to chigau - I can surely meet - itsumo to chigau - A me I've never known - watashi ni aou - A me I've never known
watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo You make me feel like I can do this
watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara And that we will never be alone watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this
watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara
watashitachi wa hitori ja nai kara You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo So let's set off!
watashi wa ishoku watashi dake de ii I alone am different, I alone am on my own watashi wa ishoku watashi dake de ii That is yet another valuable identity sore mo totemo daiji na aidentiti That is yet another valuable identity sore mo totemo daiji na aidentiti - Finally I can hear the ding and dong I've been waiting for - korette omotta pin to pon to kichatta
Watching isn't enough.
Watching other idols' concerts is an important part of Aikatsu.
Watching our Friends do Aikatsu together seems to have finally given Hibiki-san the push she needed.
Watching you during the filming convinced me.
Watching your packing was very informative, Mirai-san.
Watching you two gets my blood pumping and make me want to jump into the action!
Watching you two gets my blood pumping and makes me want to jump into the action!
Watch me. Just pick them up gently, see?
Watch out for the cords on the ground.
Watch this.
Watch us closely.
- Way too excited!
- Way? Way? No way! Love it, love it! - Ma? ma? soma? ii jan ii jan!
We accept the position of standing in for Love Me Tear's roles.
We accidentally gave you the impression that releasing your Love Me Zone made us too scared to go on stage.
We all got together and decided to prank the winners as celebration and to let out our frustration.
We all got together and made this plan to prank the winners as a celebration and to let out our frustration.
We all have to stop by the castle first though, so would you wait for us a little while?
We allow potential applicants to come get a tour and information about Star Harmony Academy.
We all thought that she and Hibiki-san would reform I Believe right away, but things were awkward between them.
We all want to do something for this country.
We all wish from our hearts for you to do Aikatsu again!
We all worked so hard for today, I just know we'll be able to do it!
We all worked so hard for today, so I just know we'll be able to do it!
We already had a Pure Palette gourmet report scheduled for the same day.
We also brought these two groups along with us to explore the park.
We announce our second tour!
Wear a lovely dress and say Happy Halloween!
We are...
We are both the greatest Friends...
We are forever entwined.
We are... Friends!
We are grateful for your presence here today.
We are invincible!
We are Kyuwa Pawa Girlies!
We are more than accustomed to zero gravity.
We are more than accustomed with zero gravity.
We are one and the same, each sharing half of a single soul.
We are proud to present Cinderella, a production by the idols of Star Harmony Academy.
We are proud to present our newest commercial starring the image characters, Honey Cat!
We are Pure Palette!
We are Reflect Moon.
We are sisters, and have twin telepathy.
We are the Cure Power Girlies!
We are the idols from the moon!
We are the idols from the moon, Reflect Moon.
We are the only people on this island, so please enjoy yourselves without any reservations.
We are the only people on this island, so please relax and enjoy yourselves without any reservations.
We are twins, so we can communicate telepathically.
We are very grateful for the inspiration that allowed us to expand our horizons.
We are very grateful for you providing the inspiration for us to expand our horizons.
Wearing a dress you love, love, love, shining on stage, and doing your best.
Wearing beautiful dresses, singing and dancing, and creating unforgettable emotions are all splendid Aikatsu.
- Wearing Cute - kyuuto ni - Wearing Cool - kuuru ni - Wearing Cool - kuuru ni - Wearing Sexy - sekushii ni - Wearing Sexy - sekushii ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni Roll! Jump! We're especially matching Roll! Jump! We're especially matching
Wearing Cute kyuuto ni Wearing Cool kuuru ni Wearing Cool kuuru ni Wearing Sexy sekushii ni Wearing Sexy sekushii ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni Roll! Jump! We're especially matching Roll! Jump! We're especially matching rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu
Wearing Cute kyuuto ni Wearing Cool kuuru ni Wearing Cool kuuru ni Wearing Sexy sekushii ni Wearing Sexy - sekushii ni - Wearing Pop - Poppu ni - Wearing Pop - Poppu ni Roll! Jump! We're especially matching Roll! Jump! We're especially matching rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu
- Wearing Cute - kyuuto ni - Wearing Cool - kuuru ni - Wearing Cool - kuuru ni - Wearing Sexy - sekushii ni - Wearing Sexy - sekushii ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni - Wearing Pop - poppu ni Roll! Jump! We're especially matching rooru! jampu! supesharu na macchingu
Wearing the Best Friends Rare Dresses I made with Mio-chan, we won't lose to any rival Friends!
Wearing their Best Friends Rare Dresses, Pure Palette keeps on advancing as Friends!
Wearing their signature Best Friends Rare Dresses, Pure Palette keeps on moving on up!
Wear your best dress and sing your heart out with all of your feelings.
We asked Tamaki-san to arrange for a public viewing.
We attribute our victory entirely to the support of all our fans.
We believe!
We both messed up on that one.
We brought a spread of traditional Chinese medicine and drinks that are good for the throat.
We brought home a ticket straight to the Diamond Friends Cup.
We brought snacks!
We came.
We came all the way out here, so let's enjoy the scenic route!
We came to assist Coco-chan in her Aikatsu.
We came to the Principality of Solvette with Hibiki-san, and now Karen-san and Mirai-san are here too.
We can become a full moon and bathe the stage in our glimmering light.
We can become a full moon and flood the stage with our glimmering light.
We can do both. At least let us try!
We can do it! Bring it on!
We can have all the lessons we want at the camp!
We can have all the lessons we want even at the camp!
We can just try them all to decide which is best.
We can keep pulling for each other through victory or defeat.
We can make it if we sprint.
We can meet anytime. The general track and idol track share the same building.
We can only shine so brightly because of all the power we're being sent.
We can rearrange the set as it is to make it look like a stage on another planet.
We can ride on them and hop all around the moon!
We can shine even more!
We can shine even more brightly!
We can sincerely wish each other the best through victory or defeat.
We can't!
We can't be left behind!
We can't have our Friends present exchange on any night but Christmas Eve.
We can't help it!
We can't ignore someone in trouble, even if they're a cat.
We can't just abandon you!
We can't let her down.
We can't let that happen!
We can't let them upstage us.
We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru Our voices ring out in harmony Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita kasanatta koe wa hibiita Our voices ring out in harmony kasanatta koe wa hibiita Even if you lose sight of it Even if you lose sight of it
We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru arigato wa nandomo koboretekuru
We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough We can't possibly thank you enough
- We can't quite find anything to kickstart that last step.
We can't quite find anything to trigger that last step.
We can't refuse now.
We can't say for sure just yet.
We combine a sweet pink with a cool aqua to form a well-balanced palette to create dresses filled with fresh colors.
We could even sing in amazingly big dresses too!
We couldn't come up with any good ideas yesterday.
We couldn't have done it without you and the others.
We couldn't have done it without your support! Thanks so much.
We couldn't help but become Pure Palette fans as well.
We couldn't possibly hide it.
We could've have done it without you and the others.
We created a miraculous light that can take us to new heights as idols!
We'd been so preoccupied with all the new work that we missed important things right under our noses.
We'd be glad to.
We'd be happy if you would do your best with us in spirit.
We'd be happy if you would try your best in solidarity with us.
We'd be listening here all night otherwise.
We decided this together.
We decided to all do our best to help her dream come true, and we ended up having a blast doing Aikatsu together.
We decided to revive Solvette's ancient event into the Jeweling Festival, and Mio and I were made the producers.
We decided to revive the Jeweling Festival of Solvette lore, and Mio and I were chosen to be the producers.
We deeply regret needing to stay here.
We'd go through anything that stands in our way to respond to your SOS.
We did it...
We did it, Mio-chan!
We did it, Rinna!
We did it... We did it!
We didn't know that we wouldn't be allowed on stage unless we made it back before the time limit.
We didn't lie.
We didn't mean any harm.
We didn't pay any attention to the fans pushing our backs.
We didn't pay any attention to the fans supporting us.
We discovered it together...
We dispatched Karen's pets.
We'd like to begin now.
We'd lose our greatest rivals.
We'd love that. Let's all do Aikatsu together.
We'd love to!
We do.
We do not need to speak.
We do not wish to see our beloved Alicia-sama saddened.
We don't ask for much!
We don't need any more photos of you.
We don't plan to lose because of this.
We don't want to give up either our work or our training.
We don't want to give up on either work or training.
We don't want to give up our work or our training.
We don't want to restart Pure Palette until we're absolutely certain we won't disappoint them!
We don't wish to see our beloved Alicia-sama be sad.
We do worry!
Weekly reporters and paparazzi might try to hound you looking for scoops.
Weekly Runrun Diamond Friends stand at the top of the pyramid.
We ended up being helped by them again.
We enjoyed them quite thoroughly.
We entered the Love Me Tear and won the title of Diamond Friends by an overpowering margin.
We entered the Love Me Zone and won the title of Diamond Friends by an overhwhelming margin.
We fight to earn the title of Diamond Friends!
We finally got it!
We formed a Friends unit named Pure Palette and work hard at Aikatsu every day.
We formed a Friends unit named Pure Palette, and work hard at Aikatsu every day.
- We formed Friends!
We formed Friends, and I felt like I was growing, with countless possibilities ahead.
We found one!
We found that we were suddenly the ones lost!
We found what you were looking for!
We froze...
We get comments from fans in every corner of the world on Friendsta and AiTube.
We get to learn such wonderful dances because of all the hard work you do for your lessons!
We give up...
We got all of these letters from our listeners saying how much they liked you.
We got all of these letters saying how much our listeners enjoyed hearing you.
We got plenty of great shots!
We got some great shots today.
We got the cream bread!
We got the news, Aine-chan.
We got to be on it for two months straight, but it finally got taken from us.
We got to hear all their true feelings.
We got to see Kaguya-chan's brand, Moon Maiden, along with its Premium Rare Dress.
We had a lot of fun ourselves.
We had a spark that we wouldn't lose to anyone.
We had lots of fun too, and the ninja were the best part!
We had promised to keep it an absolute secret between us.
We had promised to keep it an absolute secret just between us.
We had resolved never to give up, but there were limits to what we could accomplish alone.
We had resolved to never give up, but there were limits to what our power alone could accomplish.
We had so much fun thanks to all the heart they put into it.
We have a favor to ask of you.
We have a heavy responsibility, Kaguya-chan.
We have Aine-chan's idol cards!
We have. And from here on, I'm sure we'll paint many more colorful memories...
We have an exclusive teaser of the movie for you here today.
We have a number of managers in our academy, each of whom is assigned their own idols.
We have a Pure Palette concert tonight.
We have a small break now.
We have a very special concert planned for Love Me Tear's fourth anniversary.
We have climbed our way back atop the stage only due to all of their support.
We have come on behalf of all the citizens of Solvette.
We have come on behalf of the citizens of Solvette.
We have no need for words.
We have not been permitted to allow your entry.
We haven't had nearly enough lessons to be ready for our Fan Meeting Tour though.
We haven't told anyone else our secret yet, so you're the first one.
We have our most important performance ever coming up!
We have so many messages!
We have to answer fans of Reflect Moon's hopes too.
We have to ask Karen-san and Mirai-san ourselves.
We have to come out on top!
We have to do Diamond Friends things that only Diamond Friends can do.
We have to do things befitting Diamond Friends, something that only Diamond Friends can do.
We have to give them guidance as their elders.
We have to hear it from Karen-san and Mirai-san.
We have to let her know.
We have to live up to Reflect Moon's fan's hopes for us too.
We have to surpass Love Me Tear.
We have to take responsibility as the builders after the set collapsed.
We have to take responsibility for the set we let collapse.
- We have to win and be chosen as the reps.
- We have to win and get in.
We have to win and represent the school.
We have you to thank for this, Hariu-san.
We heard everything. Okay, we're on it!
We heard rumors about you everywhere we went on our worldwide tour, Tenshou-san.
We heard rumors about you everywhere when we were on our worldwide tour, Tenshou-san.
We heard that you're leaving for the Principality of Solvette soon.
We heard you were doing fortunes in a tent.
We heard you were leaving for the Principality of Solvette soon.
We held a debut show for our Diamond Dresses to thank everyone who supported us.
We hereby announce our new brand as Friends!
We hereby announce our second tour!
We hope that a performance would breathe some new life into them.
We hope you'll feel it too!
We hopped on back first because of work.
We invited the local children's and senior citizen's groups to watch a play in our school's gymnasium.
We joined Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan for a music show.
We just don't know how...
We just have to look everywhere, starting from close by.
We just need to find that one!
We just wanted you to take the stage one more time!
We just went through the Star Harmony Cup that qualifies a Friends unit for the Brilliant Friends Cup this fall.
We just went through the Star Harmony Cup to decide which Friends is allowed to participate in fall's Brilliant Friends Cup.
We know.
We know how much you love festivals.
We know just the place!
We know that better than anyone.
Welcome!
Welcome back!
Welcome back.
Welcome back, Aine.
Welcome back, Alicia.
Welcome back! Can you continue filming?
Welcome back, Ema.
Welcome back. It looks like you had a blast.
Welcome back, Karen!
Welcome back. Let's have our guest Friends introduce themselves.
Welcome back, my Maika!
- Welcome Back! - Welcome Back!
Welcome home, my Maika!
Welcome, Noa-san. Are you here to observe?
Welcome to Coco's world!
Welcome to Dream Park Land!
Welcome to Kindergarten Welcome to Kindergarten Are you all right, Onee-sama?
Welcome to Star Harmony Academy High School!
Welcome to the idol school.
Welcome to the moon!
We learn best when we're on the move, and we didn't go journeying for nothing.
Well?
Well...
Well, actually, we don't remember anything about our performance.
Well, after we pushed the escape button, the ground below us opened up, and now...
We'll Aikatsu with all we've got!
We'll also need to be particular about the food and drinks.
We'll always be cheering for you!
Well, as long as she doesn't spill anything bad, there's no reason to fear a scoop.
We'll assist you too.
We'll be able to pull this off as long as we practice every day.
We'll be alone together forever!
- We'll be awaiting your next visit.
- We'll be awaiting your next visit. Penguin Cafe - We'll be awaiting your next visit. Penguin Cafe That was delicious.
We'll be back next week with the very same guests.
We'll be cheering from here too.
We'll be coming along just in case, so rest assured.
We'll be counting on you to keep on supporting us forever as I Believe!
We'll be counting on you to keep supporting I Believe forever!
We'll be fine. Even if we're apart, our hearts will be together.
We'll be Friends no matter what.
We'll be introducing all sorts of fun activities tomorrow, so tune in again.
We'll be kicking it off with a performance!
We'll be lonely without you.
We'll be showing you all sorts of fun activities tomorrow, so tune in again.
We'll be spending some time with you starting now to teach you the basics of Aikatsu.
We'll be stand-ins for Love Me Tear.
We'll be sure to get some.
We'll be sure to win the Brilliant Friends Cup and challenge you to become Diamond Friends!
We'll be traveling to festivals and fests around Japan and rattling off a hundred mini-lives!
We'll be traveling to festivals and fests around Japan and shotgunning 100 mini-lives!
We'll be your support squad throughout your high school careers as well.
We'll break for ten before moving on to the second half.
We'll bring happiness to people around the globe with this dress!
We'll burn up the stage in these dresses and become the number one Friends!
We'll call up a few different Friends to do watermelon splitting, so watch closely.
We'll catch up with Honey Cat before you know it, so get ready.
We'll catch up with Honey Cat before you know it, so watch out.
We'll clean up for you.
We'll clean up here!
We'll come as fast as we can!
- We'll come interview you again for the unveiling. I'm excited to see your Premium Rare dress.
we'll definitely go on it!
Well, does it really matter either way?
We'll do everything in our power to support you.
We'll do everything we can.
We'll do it!
We'll do it together.
Well done!
Well done.
Well done, girls.
Well done, Lovely Friends.
Well done on your performances.
Well done. That was impressive.
Well done with your work.
Well don't you sound confident.
Well, don't you sound confident.
We'll do our very best today to live up to your support!
We'll do this again for the unveiling.
We'll figgur sumfin...
We'll figyur sumfin...
We'll give them lessons then.
We'll give you a hand!
We'll give you a hand.
We'll give you a hand too.
We'll go around as many times as needed!
- We'll go for a pure look using just a smidge of makeup.
We'll go for a pure look using subdued makeup.
- We'll go for subtle refinement and a pure look.
We'll gratefully accept Karen-san and Mirai-san's recommendation.
We'll have a concert all to ourselves?
We'll have all four of you act at once.
We'll have all four of you at once.
We'll have a present exchange and a group performance!
We'll have Mio-chan go first.
We'll have Reflect Moon do their guest talk first.
We'll have to dream big just like this ribbon!
We'll have to face them eventually, so I hope we get Love Me Tear right away.
We'll have to make sure Honey Cat doesn't fall behind.
We'll help too, so don't feel bad.
We'll help you out.
We'll help you think of something.
Well, he's not a person...
Well, I...
Well, I actually wasn't an idol at first either.
Well, I do think it'll make for an interesting commercial.
Well, I mean...
Well, in any case, this may be just what Pure Palette needs to take another step forward.
Well, I suppose it's fine since we're still on schedule.
Well, it is true that I could talk to Aine forever.
Well, it's because I got a spark from Aine...
Well, it was a divination.
Well I wanted to go even more!
Well... I want to ask again about our Friends, um...
We'll keep on doing the very best we can.
We'll lend you her as backup!
We'll let Tamaki-san know for you.
We'll let Tamaki-san know you're busy.
We'll make a huge explosion!
We'll make a revolution in our Miracle Dresses!
We'll make sure we succeed!
Well, Minato Mio?
We'll miss you, but good luck!
We'll need to come up with a good theme!
We'll need to double down on our backgrounds as idols from the moon in preparation!
We'll need to get back to the lesson after, but let's come up with ideas for the menu over lunch.
We'll need to get back to the lesson later, but let's come up with menu ideas over lunch.
We'll need to pick it up if we want to make our dream come true.
We'll need to pull off a Friends Appeal so amazing it'll blow away everything we've done so far.
We'll never finish at this rate.
Well, no matter!
Well, no matter.
Well, no matter! I'm just glad that nothing's wrong with Coco.
Well, not yet.
Well of course they are.
We'll officially begin the preparations for your show today.
We'll paint it the color of miracles!
We'll pincer him.
We'll protect Coco-chan.
We'll put on such a spectacle they won't even want to show their faces on stage.
We'll put the light in there afterwards.
We'll record the rest of Fly's lines afterwards.
Well, regardless of who I pick, I definitely won't lose to your Friends!
Well said.
We'll see about that.
Well, she does have a point.
Well, she works hard enough to back it up.
We'll show you the results of your special lessons.
We'll show you what we can do!
Well so am I!
Well, so am I!
Well sure, but aren't you the same way with Western cuisine?
Well sure, but don't you do the same with Western cuisine?
We'll take care of preparing lunch.
We'll take it!
We'll take Pure Palette as far as we can together!
We'll take you on!
Well that's a conundrum.
Well that's because I'm happy I can make my debut!
Well, that's because I'm happy I can make my debut!
Well then, how about we cast a spell together to get fired up?
Well then, how about we say a spell to get fired up?
Well then, it is a pleasure to meet you, Coco-san.
Well then, it'll be Mirai and Karen verses me, Shune-chan, and...
Well then, it'll be Mirai and Karen versus me, Schnee-chan, and...
Well then, Onee-sama, I will be on my way.
Well then, until next time.
Well then, wanna live together?
Well... there's something I'd like to ask you.
Well, the thing is...
- We'll to this again for the unveiling. I'm excited to see your Premium Rare dress.
We'll train alongside you.
Well, we did lose to them in the Star Harmony Cup.
Well well, isn't that a timely topic of discussion.
Well, well, well?
Well well, what a timely topic of discussion.
Well, we often spent time pouncing mochi with the rabbits.
Well what do you know? I heard you were the top Friends of the school, but you're nothing special.
Well, what do you know? I heard you were the top Friends of the school, but you're nothing special.
Well... when Alicia feels ready for it.
We'll work hard to make lots of fans in the Principality of Solvette!
Well yeah, more than I can keep track of.
Well... you could say that.
Well, you know.
Well you're the one who flubbed the dance!
Well, you're the one who flubbed the dance!
We look forward to working with you today.
We love you, and this is your dream!
We made a big bang with our Miracle Dresses.
We made a promise, so I've never gone anywhere without it.
We made a promise to meet.
We made a special request for her to sing the cheer song.
We made it!
We made lots of cheer fans and stuff to make you feel better.
We made sure to all find one in secret.
We managed to hand out all the flyers.
We may be in high school now, but we're jumping right back in!
We may have been thinking this worldwide tour would be a piece of cake.
We may have started this audition for Hibiki-san, but it's still a serious bout between us and Love Me Tear.
We may have won the Star Harmony Cup, but you beat us at the Best Friends Cup.
We may never be able to become Friends as you all are.
We may never be able to become the kind of Friends that you all are.
We mean what we said.
We might be able to perform Miracle Appeals?
We mustn't allow that to pass!
We mustn't let others see its contents.
We mustn't let ourselves be beaten either, Onee-sama.
We mustn't let ourselves be outpaced, Onee-sama.
We must stop them at all costs.
We must strike while the iron is hot!
We must've broken it from all those stunts.
We must've broken it with all those stunts.
We nailed our Miracle Appeal too.
We named our Friends unit Pure Palette.
We need more...
We need something by this evening...
We need to be able to succeed in this if we want to fight on equal ground.
We need to break the mold and put Pure Palette on hold.
We need to do even more Aikatsu so we're not outdone.
We need to do the same, Aine!
We need to find the emblem of happiness on the double!
We need to focus on finding that emblem of happiness.
We need to get away from it.
We need to go back to Japan soon?!
We need to make our colors brilliant too!
We need to respond to her feelings.
We need to return to our world, or we'll never see our fans again!
We need to step up our Aikatsu to keep up with them.
We need to succeed in this if we want to fight on equal ground.
We need to thank Aine that they allowed families to dine too.
We need to work even harder.
We need to work hard and believe in one another more than ever before.
We need to work hard and fully believe in one another.
We need you precisely because you're not an idol!
We never managed to get it down in practice.
We now go live to the commercial launch.
We only ended up reviewing the basics, but at least we did everything we could.
We only got it reserved because an event in two weeks suddenly had to cancel.
We only have one possible goal.
We only have three hours until the party begins.
We only just formed Friends, so we want to improve as Pure Palette even more.
We owe our victory to the support of all our fans.
We owe our victory to the warm support from all of our fans.
We owe you one after all you did for us.
We picked up pairs of snow boots too, so we should be just about set.
We pick one ingredient as the theme and change the menu accordingly.
We pick one ingredient as the theme and change up the menu accordingly.
We plan for this to be extra special both to our audience and ourselves.
We planned on blowing everyone out of the water, but we may have underestimated them.
We pulled it off somehow.
We put in extra effort to ensure all the food we brought today is good.
We put on the best performance we could as Pure Palette.
We put out an announcement that Sugar would be here, and the crowd gathered instantly.
We put out an announcement that Sugar would be here, so we've drawn a bit of a crowd.
We put Pure Palette on hiatus to allow us time to reflect on everything so far.
We put the full breadth of our abilities on display, and in the end...
We ran into her in the middle of our world tour.
We're able to learn such wonderful dances because of all the hard work you do for your own lessons!
We're about the only Friends who would go to these lengths just to obtain a jewel.
We're about to start rolling!
We're accompanying Hibiki-san to go see Alicia-san.
We reached the second semifinal round in the Diamond Friends Cup.
We're actually glad you opened up to us about your worries.
We realized that we'd become lost ourselves!
We're all behind you.
We're all friends already.
We're all friends now!
We're all ready now!
We really appreciate it.
We really appreciate it, but we're in a hurry for our show.
We really are all friends.
We're almost at the stage! Let's hurry!
We're almost there! Don't give up!
We're almost there. It's right after this tunnel.
We're almost there. Just one tunnel left.
We're already friends!
We're always on your side We're always on your side I love you!
We're a new Friends unit, so we want to focus on strengthening Pure Palette.
We're announcing it on the 17th at 8:30 PM.
We're back.
We're back! I missed this so much.
We're back with Star Harmony Radio!
We're behind you!
We're being totally overshadowed.
We're best when we clash!
We're beyond grateful for Karen-san and Mirai-san's recommendation.
We're booked cover to cover!
We're both aiming for even greater heights.
We're both responsible for that mistake.
We're Cat Moon!
We received frienergy from each and every one of our many precious friends, and with it, we were able to create a Miracle Aura!
We're cheering for you!
We're cheering for you.
We're cheering for you Honey Cat!
- We're cheering for you Honey Cat! - We're cheering for you Honey Cat! - Maika-chan, Ema-chan, good luck! I'm hype! - Maika-chan, Ema-chan, good luck! I'm hype!
We're connected - We're connected - tsunagaru Sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - sabishii kimochi ureshii kimochi tsuredashitara
- We're connected - We're connected - We're connected - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - Tsunagaru - tsunagaru - We're connected - tsunagaru - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out - Take your sad feelings and happy feelings and let them all out
We're counting on you!
We're counting on you.
We're creating a new brand together as Friends!
We're currently waiting for our turn at the Diamond Friends Cup finals.
We're... Diamond Friends?
We're doing a continuation of the macaron commercial, and this time it'll have a real storyline.
We're doing a followup to the macaron commercial, and this time it'll have a real storyline.
We're... done for...
- We're done for. There aren't even any houses nearby.
We're done for. There aren't even any settlements nearby.
We're done recording! Good work, everyone!
We're equal to Love Me Tear?
We're falling!
We're family.
We're finally in high school.
We're fine.
We're fine even if we aren't together.
We're finished!
We're friends.
We're Friends.
We're Friends, aren't we?
We're from Honey Cat.
We're getting ready to go on stage at the Diamond Friends Cup finals.
We're glad to have you.
We're glad to have your help, Wakaba-chan.
We're going on in a minute! How'm I gonna dance 'n a full stomach?
- We're going on in a minute! How'm I gonna dance on a full stomach?
- We're going on in a minute! How'm I s'posed ta dance 'n a full stomach?
We're going to film it over three whole days!
We're going to help you practice a mock interview.
We're... going to lose.
We're going to produce that fest!
We're going to put all the Friends power you've got to the test and have you find the emblem of happiness hidden somewhere in this city.
We're going to put everything we've got into making sure that the Jeweling Festival is a huge, huge hit!
We're going to show you that we can handle your Love Me Zone!
We're gonna burn our passions too and aim for space.
We're gonna keep it up and Aikatsu even more!
We're gonna keep it up and Aikatsu even more today!
We're gonna rock this hall tonight!
We're good. Please go on and ad lib the next cut.
We're happy for you too.
We're happy to oblige.
We're having a Christmas party at Aine-chan's house!
We're having an interview today.
We're heading out again after school today.
We're heading overseas too!
We're helping teach the fundamentals of Aikatsu to the new idol students alongside our other work.
We're here!
We're here.
We're here before you to share those feelings.
We're here for you!
- We're here to decide the order of bouts for the first round of the Diamond Friends Cup!
- We're here to draw the pairings for the first round of Diamond Friends Cup!
We're here to draw the pairings for the first round of the Diamond Friends Cup!
We're here to let you know!
We're holding an event at Penguin Café this Saturday!
We're holding a party!
We're holding a Pure Palette concert tonight.
We're Honey Cat!
We're Honey Cat.
We're honored to be on your show.
- We're idols too, but her way of thinking about things is on a different level.
- We're idols too, but the way she looks at things is on a another level.
We're idols too, but the way she looks at things is on another level.
We're in the stage set storage area.
We're just as prepared too, right Mio?
We're leaving.
We're letting the guests return!
We're looking forward to it.
We're Love Me Tear's equals?
We're making good progress on the desserts.
We're middle school second-years who attend Star Harmony Academy.
We're not going to hurt you.
We're not going to let Maika and Ema-chan's Honey Cat stay ahead of us.
We're not gonna lose, Karen.
Weren't you at a magazine photoshoot today?
Weren't you still in grade school at that point?
Weren't you still in grade school before you were an idol?
Weren't you the one who said "bring it on"?
We're off!
We're on fire!
We're only at three percent so far.
- We're on point!
We're out of time, so I'll trust your gut on this one.
We're part of Tamaki-san's managing team.
We're planning to hold many more events with Sugar as the star.
We're pleased to make your acquaintance, Tenshou-san.
We're Pure Palette!
We're Pure Palette.
We're Pure Palette...
We're really the best when we're together!
We're right in the middle of the Brilliant Friends Cup!
We're right in the middle of the Diamond Friends Cup finals.
We're rivals that will be competing in the semi-finals.
We're so grateful to all our fans!
We're sorry about always pushing the role of being the harsh critic onto you.
We're sorry for the delay.
We're so totally prepared there's not a single thing left for us to do.
We're still...
We're still on break.
We're supporting you!
We're supposed to perform right in front of all those people?
We're surrounded by so many different people.
We're taking a break from Friendsta for the time being.
We're the challengers.
We're the greatest of Friends and rivals.
We're there for work, not to mention our primary goal of meeting Alicia-san.
We're there to work, not to mention our primary goal of meeting Alicia-san.
We're the robbers!
Were they crushed?
We're through!
We're tied at one and one. Let's settle things on the grandest of stages!
We're tied, one to one. Let's settle things on the grandest of stages!
We're totally overshadowed.
We're totally refreshed now.
We're totally relaxed and refreshed.
We returned home with a spot in the Diamond Friends Cup to call our own.
We're very sorry!
We're very sorry.
We're very sorry for causing everyone trouble.
We're very, very, very grateful for your invitation, yes!
We're with you.
Were you changing?
Were you concentrating today?
Were you in the middle of changing?
Were you nervous?
Were you two not also in Solvette?
Were you waiting for me?
We rode in a rabbit-drawn carriage.
We rode on a fashion meteor all the way here!
We scouted Kagami-kun the makeup apprentice, my Onii-chan, and Maika-chan's older brother for it.
We scouted Kagami-kun, the makeup apprentice, my Onii-chan, and Maika-chan's older brother for it.
We shall show you an example first.
We should apologize for making you worry.
We should begin quickly and invite them on.
We should be the ones thanking you.
We should, but...
We should check where we are and go back as soon as...
We should confirm our location and go back as soon as...
We should explain for our listeners who don't know about the Diamond Friends Cup.
- We should explain for those who don't know about the Diamond Friends Cup.
We should let Alicia-san rest here for a while.
We should pick it up even more if we want to make our dream come true.
We should prioritize speed and make it to the goal as fast as possible!
We should probably evacuate.
- We should probably explain for the listeners who don't know about the Diamond Friends Cup.
We should probably get her clean before the photoshoot.
We should probably wrap up the party soon.
We should still be able to accommodate for them.
We should still be able to accommodate them.
We should still have enough time.
We should take all the precautions we can against the temperature.
We should take precautions against the temperature.
We stand at the crossroads of destiny.
We stand at the crossroads of fate.
We stand back up and get even stronger motto tsuyoku nareteru kara motto tsuyoku nareteru kara Because we're together Because we're together issho nan dakara issho nan dakara I'm so happy the two of us met each other I'm so happy the two of us met each other deaete hontou ni yokatta
We stand back up and get even stronger We stand back up and get even stronger motto tsuyoku nareteru kara motto tsuyoku nareteru kara Because we're together Because we're together issho nan dakara issho nan dakara I'm so happy the two of us met each other I'm so happy the two of us met each other
we step foot on this blue planet tsukihi meguri tadoritsuita aoi hoshi Revolving with each day until we step foot on this blue planet tsukihi meguri tadoritsuita aoi hoshi Endearing, so enticing, this world is entertaining wokashi, itowokashi kono yo wa tanoshii Endearing, so enticing, this world is entertaining wokashi, itowokashi kono yo wa tanoshii
We still have a long way to go before we can reach Love Me Tear, but you mean someday, right?
We still have a lot to learn from them.
We still have much room to grow.
We still haven't had nearly enough lessons for our Fan Meeting Tour though.
We still haven't produced a Miracle Appeal yet.
We submitted that one.
We sure did. Being in Coco-chan's world was at times tough and exciting, but I'm just glad we left her happy.
We sure did. Being in Coco-chan's world was a wild ride, but I'm just glad we left her happy.
We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa fumidasu ashi wo soroete saa
We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now We take that first step together, and now
We thank you as well.
We think the same way then.
We thought that watching us do this might give you the courage to confront Alicia-san.
We thought we'd have to step above our usual style of Aikatsu if we wanted to gun for Diamond Friends.
We too...
We took them around to see how other active Friends were doing their own Aikatsu.
We took them around to see how other Friends went about doing their Aikatsu.
We trust in one another.
Wet wipes would be useful too.
We understand. We'll do everything we can on our own.
We used to be part of the same designer agency.
We used to play and sing together all the time as children.
We used to use my dad's old 8 mm camera and filmed each other pretending to be idols.
We used up every ounce of our abilities on stage, and as a result...
We've already been driving for over five hours. Are we getting close?
We've already got the perfect dresses.
We've also got one more unit here today.
We've also received some refreshments.
- We've also received some refreshments. Help yourself when you have the chance.
- We've also received some refreshments. Help yourself while there's still time.
We've balanced the mix of a sweet pink like a palette with a cool aqua We want our brand to allow people to enjoy dressing up with their friends while feeling pure and refreshed.
We've been at it ever since that shoot got canceled.
We've been at it ever since that shoot got cancelled.
We've been doing Aikatsu harder than ever.
We've been driving for over five hours. Are we getting close?
We've been looking forward to improving alongside Love Me Tear.
We've been so busy since the competition ended that we've had no time to breathe.
- We've been so much since the competition ended that it made my eyes spin.
We've been so preoccupied with all the new work that we missed important things right under our noses.
- We've been trying to find our future, the future of Honey Cat after we finish this world tour.
We've been trying to find what we'll do after the world tour, what Honey Cat's future will be.
We've been waiting for this.
We've come so far, there's only one thing to do.
We've come to visit Dream Park Land on today's episode.
We've covered most of the major places around the world.
We've covered most of the world by now.
We've decided to start our very own brand!
- We've done all the preparation we can. There's just one thing left to do.
We've done everything we could.
We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color We've drawn each and every feeling one by one in their own color hitori hitori no omoi wo hitotsuzutsu egaitekita hitori hitori no omoi wo
We've dropped in today to provide support for the top cat idol, Sugar-chan.
We've dropped in today to provide support for the top idol of cats, Sugar-chan.
We've got 53 left until our goal of a hundred.
We've got all the cuts.
We've got a lot of difficult scenes to film today, but I'm sure you can handle them, Aine-chan.
We've got another unit here today.
We've got a scrimmage today, so bye-ne!
We've got a scrimmage today, so ja ne-bye!
We've got fifty-three left until our goal of a hundred.
We've got lots of other tasty food on the menu, so come back soon!
We've got lots of other tasty food on the menu, so look forward to next time!
We've got lots of work, and our venues are getting bigger, so we need to put in the extra effort.
We've got one extraordinarily cunique Friends and one love, love, looove Friends!
We've gotta keep on pushing harder.
We've gotta put on the best show we can to respond to all our fans' cheers.
We've gotta put on the best show we can to respond to our fans' support.
We've gotta run!
We've gotta wish them luck! Right, Mio?
We've gotta work hard.
We've got them set to go.
We've got this for sure.
We've got to create a big bang on stage tomorrow!
We've got to get our paperwork done too.
We've got to go and convey these feelings to our fans.
We've got to have a lineup of sweet desserts. Nothing bests sugar when it comes to beating exhaustion.
We've got tons of shows planned for us to meet people everywhere.
We've got tons of shows planned so we can meet people everywhere.
We've got to pull this off and not waste their efforts!
We've got your back.
We've just witnessed another miracle of the Miracle Dresses.
We've known you forever, so you're just Yoshitsune's big sis.
We've known you forever, you're just Yoshitsune's big sis.
We've never been able to get it down in practice.
We've officially restarted as of today.
- We've only got a bit more left of our tour.
We've only just begun.
We've opened a tunnel to the stage!
We've practiced all we can.
- We've practiced all we can. There's just one other thing we can do.
We've received countless words of encouragement and support from our fans.
We've received permission to do Aikatsu!
We've stopped them in their tracks!
We've talked a lot about this.
We've thought long and hard about how we could aim for greater heights than ever before.
We've thought long and hard about what we should do to aim for greater heights than ever before.
We've trained extensively on trampolines.
We've tried 1001 times.
We've witnessed far too many Friends who could never make it work after separating once.
We wanna see Aikatsu!
We wanted to bring some snacks for Aine-chan, but this is what she wrote on Friendsta.
We wanted to do something for the people too, so we made a stage of snow and ice to perform on.
We wanted to use this one last night to let you get to know us better.
We want our brand to allow people to simply enjoy dressing up with their friends in refreshing ways.
We want to fight Love Me Tear at full power!
We want to fight Love Me Tear at your full power!
We want to make the ChocoMint Macaron feel approachable! Please!
We want to see her smile too.
We want to see you two go back to being Friends too.
We want to show the approachability of chocolate mint macarons! Please!
We went in with a spark that we believed would make us invincible.
We went on a music show with Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan.
We went through all that effort to make time to train...
We went with Hibiki-san to visit Alicia-san's country, the Principality of Solvette.
We were able to turn our fans' cheers into power.
We were able to use a Miracle Appeal during it too.
We were all beginners once.
We were all surprised to hear that the Aikatsu Navi Coco-chan wanted to do Aikatsu.
We were colleagues at the design agency we worked at.
- We were completely blown out.
We were hunting for ways to entertain our fans, so we jumped in on a dolphin show.
We were just discussing plans to run an event for Sugar Melody.
we weren't able to understand one another's feelings again?
We were only able to make it to where we are now thanks to you.
- We were only able to reach this day with the cooperation of a certain Friends unit.
We were peers at the design agency we worked at.
We were quadruplets...
We were searing for all sorts of ideas about how to entertain our fans, so we jumped in on a dolphin show.
We were so close to each other...
We were split into two groups, each trying to make their way to the stage.
- We were still strangers back then.
We were the same age and had the same dream of becoming designers.
We were the twin protagonists in that one recital.
We were totally blown out.
- We were totally routed.
We were total strangers just a little while ago, but we've already made so many vivid memories together.
We were transmitting his voice through a speaker in the mic.
We were worried that they'd stay mixed up forever, but it turns out that this was all a prank by a mischievous fairy.
We were worried that they'd stay mixed up forever, but it turns out that this was all a trick by a prank-loving fairy.
We will!
We will.
We will also use this opportunity to make Aikatsu the symbol of Solvette's restoration.
We will be awaiting you.
We will be breaking you all up into smaller groups, after which you will be accompanied around campus by current students.
We will be coming to claim the throne of Diamond Friends.
We will be giving a lecture on how to react when a fan suddenly runs up to you on the street.
We will be leaving Japan for about one month to visit the Principality of Solvette.
We will be participating in today's event alongside Honey Cat.
We will be your hosts—Kamishiro Karen, leader of the White Team...
We will definitely create a big bang at this audition.
We will definitely create a big bang during this audition.
We will gladly take you up on your offer.
We will. Good luck out there!
We will have to show them our very best performance as well.
We will have you each write your goal as Friends separately.
We will not lose.
We will respond to your full power with our own.
- We will serve as the two witnesses for this Making Up Ceremony. Asuka Mirai, from Love Me Tear...
We will start things off.
We win!
We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year Star Harmony Star Harmony Star Harmony Christmas Live Christmas Live Christmas Live For you, Karen.
We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year - Did you wait? I've been waiting!
We won!
We won't be able to accompany you for very long due to our work.
We won't be able to accompany you for very long due to work.
We won't be beaten that easily.
We won't just let ourselves be overshadowed by the older idols!
We won't let even the smallest chance pass either of us by wazuka na chansu sae mo minogasanai yo We won't let even the smallest chance pass either of us by wazuka na chansu sae mo minogasanai yo The inside of your head is probably filled kimi no atama no naka wa kitto
We won't let ourselves be overshadowed by the older idols!
We won't let you!
We won't let you have Wakaba-chan!
We won't look back.
We won't lose!
We won't lose, even to Pure Palette!
We won't lose next time!
We won't lose next time.
We won't lose to you.
We won't make it if you stop!
We won't start hating each other just because of one little fight.
We worked so hard to build it!
We would be inundated in the limelight immediately, - mingle with the world's elite at parties, - be invited to daily parties with international celebrities, - And get our lives enshrined in Reflect Moon Legends.
We would be thrust into the limelight, mingle with the world's elite at daily parties, and get our lives enshrined in the publication of Reflect Moon Legends.
We would like to use this chance to teach you all about the wonders of Friends.
We would love to.
We would love to have you.
We would never abstain.
We would very much like to make it a reality. What do you say?
- What?!
What?
What?!
What?! A-All that?!
What a beautiful dress!
- What ability she has to make her dress brilliant in her debut song.
What about ballet?
What about Honey Cat?
What about me?
What about Pure Palette?
What about something like this?
What about to start?
What about you?
What about you, Alicia-san?
What about you? Earlier you said you wanted to improve at both lacrosse and being an idol.
What about you? Earlier you said you wanted to improve both as a lacrosse player and an idol.
What about you, Ema?
What about you? I had no idea you knew these girls.
What about you, Kaguya-chan?
What about you, Mio-chan?
What about you, Mirai? Have you found an idol you'd like to produce?
What about you? You said it had to be sneakers.
What a confession!
What?! Acting all elusive just makes me even more curious!
What a cute penguin!
What?! A dramatic confession?!
What a fabulous performance.
What a fantastic idea!
What a fond memory. I can hardly believe it's already been four years.
What?! After just four months, you sold out the entire place?!
What a fun song that was, showing us all the playful side of Mio-chan.
What a happy sight.
What a letdown. I was hoping that we'd get Pure Palette.
What?! Alicia-san's coming to Japan too?!
What?! All of these, starting this late?!
What?! All of this?!
What a lovely dress.
What a lovely parasol!
What, already?!
What?! A mic that can translate what animals say?
What am I doing wrong?
What am I supposed to do?
What an adorable underclassman.
What an alluring conflict it has become.
What an alluring contest it has become.
What an idea!
What animal do you run into first?
What an incredible performance.
What an intense reception.
What an interesting take, completely different from Love Me Tear.
What an interesting take, completely different from Love Me Tear's.
What an unbelievable turn of events!
What a phenomenal song.
What?! A Premium Rare Dress in three days?
- What are Friends?
What are Friends?
What a relief.
What a relief. I was convinced you were going to quit I Believe.
What?! Aren't you two from Baby Pirates?
What are they all doing now?
What are you, a police siren?
What are you divining?
What are you doing?
What are you doing, Ema?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing inside?
What are you going to do about this?
What are you looking at?
What?! Are you really?
What are you referring to?
What are your expectations?
What are you saying?
What are you saying? Aikatsu is anything but worthless.
What? Are you saying that it was changed to the Macaron Folk Dance to be more approachable?
What? Are you saying that it was deliberately changed to the Macaron Folk Dance to be more approachable?
What are you saying? That'll never happen.
What?! Are you serious?
What are you starting now?
What are you talking about?
What are you thinking, Aine?!
What are you up to?
What a strange girl.
What a stunning show, drawing the audience's hearts into the palm of their hand.
What a trick of the drawing that we'd be the top batters.
What awaits them at the second gate?
What awaits them there?
What a wonderful performance.
What a wonderful theater!
What a wonderful turn of events!
What?! B-But why?
What better way could there be to build hype than with a battle between the new and old Diamond Friends?
What brings you here?
What brought you here?
What? But, I'm fine!
What?! But shouldn't they be rooting for their favorite Friends not to lose?
What? But we do not particularly require any breaks.
What?! But what for?
What? But why?
What?! But why?!
What?! But wouldn't they normally want their favorite Friends not to lose?
What?! But you were totally into it when we made it up!
What?! By the end of today?!
What can be done?
What? Can I really?
What can I say? I didn't expect to be on the receiving end of their reassurance.
What can we do?
What can we do to make her do Aikatsu once again?
What'cha thinking about?
What?! Coco-chan...
What? Come on!
What could it be?
What could serve as a greater fire in our hearts to Aikatsu more?
What countermeasures can be taken?
What did she tell you?
What did they say, Onee-chan?
What did we do wrong?
What did you mean by that?
What did your divination tell you?
What did you think of my show?
What did you think of my stage?
What divination?
"What does Aikatsu mean to you?" It's love.
What does Aine-chan think of me?
What does it mean, Coco-chan?
What does it mean for an idol to be on Team Japan?
What does that matter?
What does that mean in concrete terms?
What? Does that mean the girl who encouraged you during the audition was Maika?
What does this mean?
What does this mean, Onee-sama?
What do I do?
What? Dorayaki?
What do we do?
What do we do...
What do you care? Do you even have someone?
What do you care? I bet you don't have anything lined up either.
What do you even know about this?!
What do you mean?
What do you mean, we still can?
What do you mean you haven't even talked about it?!
What do you think?
What do you think about something like this?
What do you think? Can you do it?
What do you think? Do you like it?
What do you think I should do?
What do you think of this, Hibiki!
What do you use this for?
What do you want to do until then?
What do you want to see first?
What else can we use to draw luck to our side?
What? Ema-chan, Maika-chan, does that mean it's both of your first times here too?
What? Ema-chan, Maika-chan, does that mean this is your first time here too?
What even is that Aikatsu?
What? Even the snacks?
Whatever is the matter?
Whatever they might be, you made the decision.
Whatever they might be, you made the decision yourself.
What exactly are we doing?
What exactly is this?
What exactly were you thinking about after the earlier performance?
What exactly were you thinking after the earlier performance?
What feelings?!
What finally cleared the clouds over my heart was going on that field trip alone.
What for?
What, for real?
What, for real?!
- What grinds my gears is that the players didn't burn bright and go out with a bang!
- What grinds my gears is that the players didn't give it all they had!
What grinds my gears is that the players didn't go out with a bang!
What happened, Aine?
What happened to her?
What happened to our dresses during that song?
What happened to your confidence when you invited me?
What happened with Aine?
What has gotten into them all of a sudden?
What have we done... I had no idea.
What have you divined, Onee-sama?
What, her?
What?! How can that be?! What's going on?!
What?! How do you compete in sit-ups?!
What I desire from the muse of Dancing Mirage is the power to naturally make others smile.
What? I didn't think you'd admit it so easily.
What? I didn't think you'd admit it so readily.
What if because of this stupid fight...
What I felt after my first loss was neither pain nor frustration, but the desire to Aikatsu even more.
What if something unexpected were to happen?
What if they fail to reconcile and go their separate ways?
What if we made Sakuya-san's divination wrong?
What? I-I was being serious.
What?! I'm the 50th highest idol!
What I need you to do is help all the staff that ask.
What I need you to do is help out the staff.
What, I never told you?
What inspired you to ignore all the existing brands and design your own dresses instead?
What in the world caused this change of heart?
What in the world is this brilliance?
What in the world was that aura?
What is Alicia-san doing right now?
What is all this?
What is it?
What is it?!
What is it...
What is it? Is there something on my face?
What is it like doing Aikatsu up there?
What is it, Mio-chan?
What is it, Penn?
What is it, Penne?
What is it, Schnee? Did something nice happen?
What is it, Shune? Did something nice happen?
What is it that influences you?
What is it... this feeling?
What is it, Yoshitsune?
What is it you wanted to ask?
"What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" We're going to sing this song
"What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" "What is only there" Yeah. The lyrics of our new song
What is that fluffy white stuff?
What? Is that true?
What is that white, fluffy stuff?
What is the final obstacle awaiting the last two teams?
What is the meaning of this?
What is the meaning of this?!
- What is the meaning of your claim to be a princess of the Moon?
What is the name of this coord?
What is this?
What is this?!
What is this?! I can't move how I want!
What is this? I got goosebumps!
What is this?! It's disgusting!
What is this?! Nobody ever told me that Aikatsu would be this hard!
What? It doesn't appear that strong to me...
What? It should definitely be right here...
What?! It's not?
What I wanted to see was how serious you were.
What I want to be...
What I... want to convey.
What I was missing...
What I was saying?
What? I was sure it was right here...
What?! Just four months after starting, you sold out the entire place?!
What kind of Aikatsu is that?
What kind of error could lead to this?
What kind of Friends?
What kind of Friends should we aim to be now?
What kind of future awaits us now that we're Diamond Friends?
What kind of idol clings on to a reporter who's trying to get a scoop on them?!
What kind of messages do you usually write?
What kind of program is it?
What kind of reason?
What kind of ridiculous things?
What kind of world is hidden behind that Grimpossible Wall?
What kind of world lies beyond that Grimpossible Wall?
What'll I do if we lose? I'm so scared I can't stand it.
What lovely decor!
What?! Love Me Tear's stand-ins?!
What luck, we get to lead this one off.
What made you want to be a makeup artist?
What? Maika?
What makes me unique?
What matters most is what you can learn from your losses.
What matters most is what you can learn learn from your losses.
What?! Mio told me exactly the same thing.
What more do you need?
What? No, please help Onee-sama first...
What now? At this rate...
What? No way!
What now? Do you want to ask Tamaki-san to let some of these go just a tiny bit?
What now? I don't want to end up putting on a halfhearted display in front of my fans.
What now? What now? What now?!
What?! One hundred percent rivals?!
What one thing?
What other brands do you recommend?
What other reason could there be but to see you, Minato Mio?
What?! Pen-sama?!
What perfect weather, meow.
What, really?
What? Really?
What're you doing?
What're you doing here?
What're you doing, Michi? You're supposed to be Kaguya-chan.
What're you smiling to yourself about?
What're you so deep in thought about?
What're you talking about?
What, right away? I'm busy now.
What?! R-Really?
What, running? This early in the morning?
What's a big bang? Please tell me.
What's a public viewing?
What's brought you out here so early in the morning?
What's Cop-n-rob?
What's Coprob?
What's Dancing Mirage?
What's does that mean?
What's going on?
What's going on, Aine?
What's going on here?
What's going on? I can't believe it!
What's going on, Tamaki-san?
What's going on with you, Sakuya-san?
What's going on, you two?
What's going to happen to Love Me Tear from now on?
What's going to happen to Pure Palette?
What's gotten into them?
What's gotten into them? There's barely any time until their performance.
What's gotten into them? They have such a big performance coming up too.
What's gotten into you?
What's got you all shifty eyed?
What's got you all shifty-eyed?
What's got you in such a rush?
What's got you two looking like a cup of dried-out tea dregs?
What shall we do?
What?! She's nothing like you!
What should I do?
What should I do first?
What should I do, Mio?
What should I do to have good dreams?" At times like that, I recommend wearing the cutest pajamas you have and getting excited by...
What should we be looking out for?
What should we do?!
What should we do about the filming?
What should we do about them?
What should we do about the shoot?
What should we do after our tour's all over?
What should we do after this?
What should we do to make sure that children are able to come?
What should we work on next?
What's inside?
What's inside it?
What's Japan's representative in idoldom?
- What's most important is the will to challenge yourself - daiji na no wa charenji seishin Flip the switch, it's time for my scene suicchi ireru wan shiin Flip the switch, it's time for my scene suicchi ireru wan shiin - Always be true to your own life, wear your favorite clothes - zutto konna toushindai suki na fuku de - Always be true to your own life, wear your favorite
What's most important is your will.
What?! Solvette is freezing over?!
What's on your mind?
What's special about Alicia-san is that she's actually returning to Aikatsu.
What started the argument?
What? Starting when?
What's that?
What's that Craze?
What's that mean?
What's that supposed to mean?
What's that, what's that?!
What's that? What's the Hero Bridge?
- What's the big deal? You're not losing anything.
What's the harm?
What's the matter, Onee-sama?
What's the matter? You're unusually quiet.
What's the point if I'm too scared of ghosts to burn at full blast?
What's the point if I'm too scared of ghosts to ignite myself?
What's the reason you began your Aikatsu?
What's this?
What's this, all of the sudden?
What's this feeling?
What's this? Hey...
What's this? You don't know, Mio-chan?
What's this? You mean I didn't fool you?
What's up?
What's up, Mio-chan?
What's up this time?
What's with that?
What's wrong?
What's wrong, Aine?
What's wrong, Karen?
What's wrong, Maika?
What's wrong with her?
What's wrong with me?
What's wrong with that temple?
What's your ideal Friends unit like?
What's your problem?!
What talent she has to make her dress shine brilliantly in her debut.
- What talent she has to make her dress so brilliant in her debut.
What?! Tell me that sooner!
What thank you looks like.
What Thank You Looks Like What Thank You Looks Like What Thank You Looks Like Whatcha thinking about?
What? That'd be such a waste!
What?! That's absolutely impossible!
What?! That's impossible!
What the matter, Mio?
What they say about things right under your nose is true.
What?! Th-That much?
What was all our training for?
What was missing was a pink accent for cheering you up!
What was missing was a pink accent to make you happy!
What was that?
What was that dress?
What we didn't know was that it was a prank show, and she got us all good.
What were the results of their battle?
What were they doing just now?
What were things like five years ago when you were still I Believe?
What were we doing?
What were you like growing up?
What were you thinking about earlier?
What?! What is it, what should I do?!
What? When is it?
What?! Where are they?
What will become of tomorrow's clash?
What will they bring us today?
What will you do now?
What would look good on you...
What, you ask...
What? You don't mind?
What?! You got too absorbed in divination and haven't left yet?
What?! You mean you're going to make us work for the entire day?!
What?! You mean you're going to rent us out for the entire day?!
What? You're too harsh, Mio-chan.
What? You should've told me that earlier.
What?! You two get to be the Cure Power Girlies?
What?! You two get to be the Kyuwa Pawa Girlies?
What? You've never been on sleepover school trips?
What you were missing, what's important to you...
What you were missing, what was important to you...
Wha?! Uh, um...
Whee!
When?
When a Friends' friendship reaches its peak, they can do a Miracle Appeal!
When an entire outfit is decked in similar colors, it leaves a weak impression.
When at last, Alicia-san unlocked that door and performed on stage.
When did you become friends?
When even ghosts are having a lit fest, how can I not set my own audition on fire?
When even ghosts are holding a hot fest, how can I not set my own audition on fire?
Whenever did you make this?
Whenever I get stuck designing or coordinating, I like to take walks.
Whenever I get stuck while designing of coordinating, I like to take walks.
Whenever I'm alone with Alicia, I get nervous and make it awkward between us.
Whenever I see them...
Whenever I thought of you, my heart would swell with emotion.
Whenever we messed up or felt stuck, we used to go out for dessert together.
When everyone's awake here, everyone over there is sleeping.
Whenever you're faced with something scary, you always overcome it head-on with all your might!
Whenever you're ready.
When every single day, I'm sending you my heartfelt passion?
When everything has been resolved, I swear I will return to be Friends with you once more.
When fashion is in danger, I, Girly Honey!
When Friends and Christmas come together, you get a Friends present exchange.
When Friends are their greatest rivals, they can climb all the way to the stars.
When I divined your location, I was guided to this café.
When I first transferred into the idol department, I thought that all the time.
When I heard that Hibiki-san and Alicia-san got back together, I could hardly believe it!
When I heard your song this time, I had a thought.
When I heard you sing this time, I had a thought.
When I imagine you suddenly breaking up our Friends over something I can't understand...
When I imagine you suddenly breaking up our Friends over something I don't understand...
When I let my mind roam in a field of ideas, my artist blood stirs.
When I looked it up, I found out that each wood-carved penguin is handcrafted one at a time.
When I looked it up, I found out that these wood-carved penguins were handcrafted one at a time.
When I realized that, I was suddenly overcome with loneliness.
When it comes to Christmas, you can't miss the Friends present exchange.
When it comes to friends, there's no stopping Aine.
When it's for you, I am filled with boundless energy.
When it's for your sake, I am filled with boundless energy.
When it was our turn, Mio-chan and I put on our best performance ever as Pure Palette.
When I was agonizing over our Best Friends Rare Dresses, Aine took me somewhere.
When I was entrusted to design Love Me Tear's private limousine, Mio was the one who taught me all I know.
When I was entrusted to design the Diamond Friends private limousine, Mio was the one who taught me all I know about Love Me Tear.
When I was in middle school, I felt like Love Me Tear existed somewhere I could never reach.
When I was in middle school, Love Me Tear was somewhere far beyond my reach.
When I was much younger, I came here to play with my family.
When I went to Mirai for advice, she recommended I seek out Pure Palette.
When Kamishiro Karen-san was to do battle with a master of flower arrangement, she said it while traveling to the red mountains of the Amazon to pick a mythical flower.
When Karen-san and Mirai-san are together, one plus one doesn't equal two, but infinity!
When Karen soars, I can shine.
When Mirai shines, I can soar.
When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality
When out of nowhere, an idol named Tenshou Hibiki-san dropped out of the sky before us, back from outer space.
When out of nowhere, a Sugar Melody dress unveiling was scheduled for me.
When that happens...
When that happens, we'll be true rivals, you see!
When that happens, will you catch me?
When the bank fills up, you'll be able to go on your tour!
When the Choco part is too strong and the Pucchin gets drowned out so it can't burst, it doesn't feel right.
- When the Choco part is too strong, the Pucchin gets drowned out and can't burst out it doesn't feel right.
When the entire outfit is similar to the base color, it only leaves a vague impression.
When the going gets tough, remember to smile!
When the going gets tough, remember to smile.
"When the going gets tough, remember to smile!" Right?
When the greatest of Friends wear them together, they'll have an amazing performance!
When the moment screams.
When then...
When the stones shine dazzling, bright, and brilliant, a miraculous power will rain down from the heavens.
When they come together, one plus one doesn't equal two, but infinity!
When they give each other a nice jab.
- When they take the stage together, the possibilities are infinite!
When they take the stage together, the possibilities are unlimited!
- When they take the stage together, unlimited possibilities abound!
When we asked if anyone had ever been helped out by either of you, everyone raised a spoon in response!
- When we asked if anyone had ever been helped out by one of you, - When we asked for everyone who's ever been helped out by one of you All of them raised a spoon in response!
When we did it...
- When we do food reports, you overuse "delicious" way too much!
When we do food reports, you say "delicious" way too much!
- When we do food reports, you use "delicious" way too much!
When we do, I'll make her my friend!
When we first started going around the world, our finish line felt so far away.
When we first started going around the world, the end felt so far away.
When we followed its path and dug at the indicated spot, we found...
When we're moments away from standing upon the stage of the Diamond Friends Cup?
When we saw Aine-chan talking to you, we thought it'd be nice to join in.
When we visited Russia on our world tour...
- When we went to the publishers for our interview, in the papers for Love Me Tear Legends...
When we went to the publishers for our interview, in the plans for the next Love Me Tear Legends...
- When we went to the publishers for our interview, I saw the next issue of Love Me Tear Legends...
When we were sent off by the host to film the inside of their house, we stumbled upon an old map.
When we won the Brilliant Friends Cup now known as a prelude, we felt like we had something.
When we won the Brilliant Friends Cup that's known as a prelude, we felt like we had something.
- When you come together, endless possibilities spring forth.
When you do something fun, having a friend there with you makes it twice as fun, doesn't it?
When you felt cornered?
When you're happy, a smile naturally comes to my face.
When you're happy, I can't help but smile.
When you're sad, I can't help but cry.
When you're sad, tears suddenly pour from my eyes.
When you said we were going to compete in space, I didn't know you meant it was for a movie.
When you sang in my place at the handshake event, you were overcome with enjoyment, weren't you?
When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you When you smile at me, I smile back at you
When you vacation at one of those, you've just gotta snowboard.
When you voice lines in time with a video, it's called a voiceover ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 When you voice lines in time with a video, it's called a voiceover!
When you wanna travel the world, you have to vroom on a jet!
When you won, I was happy for you, but also really frustrated and wanting to try harder!
Where am I supposed to find a...
Where are they taking us?
Where are you heading this late at night?
Where can I find ingredients and cookware?
Where can I find the microwave?
Where could Aine's elementary school album be hiding...
Where could he have gone?
Where could I possibly find a wood-carved bear or shisa?
Where could our emblem of happiness be?
Where did I go wrong?
Where did you come from?
Where did you hear about them?
Where did you learn to do it?
Where'd it go?
Where is everybody?
Where is it? Where? Where are you?!
Where's Sakuya-chan?
Where there's a will, you can Aikatsu.
Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture Wherever I venture donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai donna sekai
Where was it?
Where would one obtain an unrefined jewel?
Whether it's a flower vase, pot, or anything else, it becomes a tea bowl the moment you are served tea.
Whether it's a flower vase, pot, or anything else, the moment you are served tea it becomes a tea bowl.
Whether my upcoming handshake event will go well.
Whether we're together, or whether we're apart, our hearts are always connected.
- Whether you want to accept is entirely up to you.
- Whether you want to accept it or let it go is entirely up to you.
Whether you want to accept it or not is entirely up to you.
Wh... F-Friends?
Which do you think is better?
Which Friends unit will win this competition and claim the glorious Brilliant Dresses?
Which is it?
Which is why...
Which is why even now, she remains hesitant over whether to use it during tomorrow's final with Pure Palette.
Which is why even now, she's hesitant about using it at tomorrow's final against Pure Palette.
Which is why we should make the most of it.
Which leads me to the reason I called you here.
Which leads me to the reason I called you here to talk.
Which leaves only one more thing to improve...
Which leaves only one more thing to work on...
Which means...
Which means I'm off to Hokkaido!
Which means... it really did disappear?
Which means, it's time to go back home to Japan!
Which means that should I improve my Aikatsu, I will be able to make Onee-sama shine infinitely as well.
Which means that should I improve my Aikatsu, I will be able to make Onee-sama shine to infinity as well.
Which means that when Karen-san and Mirai-san come together as Love Me Tear, their reach encompasses Japan...
Which means that you've officially passed your test!
Which of these units will become Diamond Friends— Love Me Tear, or Pure Palette?
Which would you like?
- While each working hard on our solo jobs...
While it seems like a children's weekly drama at first glance, it's hugely popular with adults too because of its deep themes.
While I was not called for, please do allow me to offer a suggestion as your manager.
While Pure Palette was on break, we received countless words of encouragement and support from our fans.
While seething okotte While seething okotte While laughing tanoshinde While laughing tanoshinde - While crying - naite - While crying - naite Let's have a big discussion Let's have a big discussion takusan disukashon shichae takusan disukashon shichae Our possibilities are endless Our possibilities are endless kanousei wa mugendai da
While seething okotte While seething okotte While laughing tanoshinde While laughing tanoshinde - While crying - naite - While crying - naite Let's have a big discussion takusan disukashon shichae Let's have a big discussion takusan disukashon shichae Our possibilities are endless kanousei wa mugendai da Our possibilities are endless
While we're at it, we might as well make this shoveling fun.
While we're at it, why don't we keep stuffing more bits in? Like with a flower hairband!
While we're at it, why don't we stuff it full of way more of each? Like with a flower hairband!
While you're at it, I think you'd have a lot more fun if you put on a performance too.
- whisks tea in vases - Let's welcome Ochatatetsubo Yakuyo-san!
White Team, aim for victory!
White Team White Team Kamishiro Karen Kamishiro Karen Leader Leader Members Members Whereas Maika-san, you, and myself are with Mirai-san on the Red Team.
Who?
Whoa!
Whoa, are you serious?
Whoa, incredible!
Whoa, is that Mio-chan on all those?
Whoa, is that the real thing?
Whoa! It's a wild tanuki!
Who are you?
Whoa, that's awesome!
Whoa! There are so many people!
Whoa, there're circles everywhere!
Whoa, there's so many!
Whoa, whoa, whoa!
Whoa, you're right!
Who could it be at this hour?
Who dares?!
Who do you think I am?
Who do you think they're from?
Who do you think we are?
Who I want to run with!
Who knows? But as long as it gave you a change of pace, I think that's more than enough.
Who knows what troubles you may run into.
Who knows what troubles you may run into later.
Whomever earns the most combined points from the judges here and online viewers will earn the Best Friends Award.
Whoops.
Whoops...
Whoops, almost forgot.
Who's that?
Who's this?
Who was that?
who will create miracles in the idol world.
Who will earn the greatest honor, the peak of idolhood, the glorious rank of Diamond Friends?
Who will everyone end up with?
Who will make miracles in the idol world.
Who will obtain the next jewel?
Who won the packing battle?
Who would ever shuffle their Friends?
Who would that be?
Wh-What?
Wh-What are they...
Wh-What are you doing?!
Wh-What is the matter?
Wh-What's going on here?
Wh-What shall we do, Onee-sama?
Wh-What's the matter?
Wh-What's this mean?!
Wh-What's up?
Wh-What's what?
Wh-What's wrong? Did I go too far just now?
Wh-What would I do if my first date with Pen-sama was photographed start to end?
Wh-Whoa, Aine, calm down.
Wh-Whoa, calm down.
Wh-Whoops, guess my cover's been blown.
Wh-Wh-What do I write?! Scoop, scoop!
Wh-Wh-What do we do?!
Wh-Why am I playing too?!
Wh-Why aren't you scared?
Wh-Why are you here?
Wh-Why can't we do it?!
Wh-Why not?
Why?
Why...
Why? Aine's still Aine.
Why all the way out there?
Why am I...
Why are we walking into the mountains?
Why are you back here?
Why are you being so serious, Alicia?
Why are you doing this?
Why are you dressed like that?
Why are you jumping into a river?
Why are you making a face like a soggy rice cracker?!
Why are you the one crying?
Why didn't you ever tell me?
Why didn't you talk to us?
Why did we come back?
Why did we end up in a fight over that?
Why did you ask me to?
Why did you decide to do Aikatsu?
Why did you invite me?
Why does he hate me so much?
Why do I have to?
Why do I have to...
Why do I need all this approval just to upload one little video to AiTube?
Why don't we ask the moon?
Why don't we build huge ice statues of them as I Believe to remind Alicia-san of their time together!
Why don't we build huge ice statues of them in their I Believe days to remind Alicia-san of their time together!
Why don't you come and get what you want?
- Why don't you come get what you want?
Why don't you give it a try, then!
Why don't you go outside and get some fresh air?
Why don't you try doing something you ordinarily wouldn't for a change of pace?
- Why don't you try stopping me by force?
Why don't you try to convey your feelings one more time?
Why do the girls grip the wheel even as sweat flows from every pore?
Why do the girls push the pedal to its very limit?
Why do you look panicked?
Why do you think that?
Why do you want to make so many friends?
Why'd you think of that now?
Why here?
Why is Ema-chan quitting lacrosse?
Why, is something up?
Why is this happening?
Why just the other day, she scolded me for coming in with bed hair.
Why, just the other day, she scolded me for coming in with bed hair.
Why make a joke in such taste?
Why not?
Why not?!
Why not abandon your inhibitions and produce an idol with no experience in Aikatsu, a diamond in the rough?
Why not get some outside air to refresh yourselves?
Why not go all out and produce an idol with no experience in Aikatsu, a diamond in the rough?
Why not rest in the waiting room?
Why not try changing up the production?
Why not try to sincerely convey your feelings one more time?
Why should I?
Why's Momone on the stage?!
Why, specifically, are you going to the Principality?
Why's she so serious all of the sudden?
Why's that?
Why thank you, you're too kind.
Why the change of heart?
Why the long face, Aine-chan?
Why, we couldn't be happier to hear that.
Why? Why won't you answer, Alicia?
Why won't you form Friends with Hibiki-chan once more?
Why would I be?!
Why would I say that?
Why wouldn't I be? After all, Love Me Tear are Best Friends.
Why wouldn't you? We did this together as Pure Palette.
Why would she do that?
Why would that be?
Why would you lend a helping hand to our rivals?
Why, you ask?
Wide open! One point to me.
Will Aine-chan and Mio-chan be able to handle it?
Will anyone rise to the challenge and take the title of master from Kamishiro Karen?
- Will anyone rise to the challenge and take title of master from Kamishiro Karen?
- Will anyone rise to the challenge of taking the title of master from Kamishiro Karen?
will ascend to become Diamond Friends.
Will everything be okay? They looked like they were about to fight.
Will he be okay?
Will I be able to speak properly with every single one?
Will it be the challengers, Pure Palette? Or...
- Will it be the invincible three-time champions, Love Me Tear?
Will it be the three-time absolute monarchs, Love Me Tear?
- Will it be the three-time unbeatable champions, Love Me Tear?
Will it really?
Will look after you!
will one day sprout and bloom kono omoi wa kanarazu minoru wa Even if a divine omen befalls me tatoe ten ga chuukoku shitemo Even if a divine omen befalls me tatoe ten ga chuukoku shitemo So long as Gemini is on my side I'll keep burning bright gemini ga aru kagiri kagayaku kara
Will Pure Palette be facing off with Honey Cat or Love Me Tear?
Will she be all right?
Will she ever agree to form Friends with Hibiki-san again?
Will she ever agree to reform Friends with Hibiki-san?
Will that be your order?
Will there be any Friends who can top Honey Cat tomorrow?
Will they be able to steal the top spot from Love Me Tear this year?
Will we be trapped forever?!
Will we see any Friends who can beat them tomorrow?
Will you Aikatsu with me?
Will you be able to do it with that level of commitment?
- Will you be all right?
Will you believe in us, Mika-chan?
Will you ever surpass us if you balk at something as trifling as this?
Will you grant me one more request?
Will you make it in time?
Will you really?
Will your throat be all right?
Will you take me there with you?
Will you vow to always stand beside me?
Will you wait for me until then?
- Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner Winner Onee-sama!
- Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner
- Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner - Winner
Winning isn't the important thing.
With a bigger smile!
With all the gratitude we can muster...
With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles With a million sparking smiles bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun bibitto egao hyakumanninbun
With anything you need.
- With a skip in your step walk through a changing everyday - ashidori karuku kawaru yo nichijou - Turn into a really fun color - kuru kuru tanoshii color - Turn into a really fun color - kuru kuru tanoshii color - Dress up how you like, switch it up - jiyuu ni moodo switching
- With a skip in your step walk through a changing everyday - ashidori karuku kawaru yo nichijou - With a skip in your step walk through a changing everyday - ashidori karuku kawaru yo nichijou - Turn into a really fun color - kuru kuru tanoshii color - Turn into a really fun color - kuru kuru tanoshii color
- With each brand's honor on the line, the race is predicted to be a cutthroat affair.
With each brand's honor on the line, the race is predicted to be a ruthless affair.
With Ema-chan and Maika-chan's Honey Cat, their popularity shot up when they released their original dress.
- With even the smallest chance...
With even the smallest chance.
With expectations higher up than the skies dokomademo fukuramu kitai With expectations higher up than the skies dokomademo fukuramu kitai With expectations higher up than the skies dokomademo fukuramu kitai Long-held admiration before my eyes zutto motteta akogare Long-held admiration before my eyes zutto motteta akogare Long-held admiration before my eyes
- With glossy lipstick - tsuya uru rippu - With glossy lipstick - tsuya uru rippu Oh yeah! Style your hair to slim down your face sou sou! kogao kouka no heasutairu Oh yeah! Style your hair to slim down your face sou sou! kogao kouka no heasutairu Tease and fluff out the volume
With Honey Cat and Pure Palette together, we'll burn hot like never before.
With how fast you are at learning dances, you could probably make your Aikatsu debut any day now.
With how well Shuffle Friends is doing, they might decide to just keep it going.
- With how well Shuffle Friends is going, they might decide to just keep it going.
- With how well these shuffled Friends are going, they may decide to just keep it going.
Within it lies a world of limiteless possibilities filled with the Aikatsu Karen and I have honed.
Within it lies a world of limitless possibilities filled with the Aikatsu Karen and I have honed.
Within myself...
Within the shadows that enrapture the heart kokoro wo madowasu kage to Within the shadows that enrapture the heart kokoro wo madowasu kage to Within the shadows that enrapture the heart kokoro wo madowasu kage to And within the light that entices our hearts kokoro wo furuwasu hikari no naka
With it, we can display Coco-chan's world's stage to people over here too.
With it, we can display the stage in Coco-chan's world to people over here too.
With light blue accents in the checkered design and scarf, This is the first time I've ever worn such a cute dress!
With light blue accents in the checkered pattern and the scarf, it completes the balance between you two.
With me?
With me as the analyst is Asuka Mirai-san, as well as our special guest Kamishiro Karen-san.
With Mio?!
With my song, I will make her wish come true!
With Onee-sama and myself in it, that's only to be expected.
With Onee-sama and myself in it, that's to be expected.
With one transfer.
With only halfhearted resolve I won't be able to proceed any more boyaketa ketsui de wa koko kara susunde ikenai With only halfhearted resolve I won't be able to proceed any more boyaketa ketsui de wa koko kara susunde ikenai All I can do is look forward and walk on with my head held high
Without a doubt... this is the diamond of all sandwiches!
Without a doubt... this is the diamond of sandwiches!
Without a passport, you can't even leave Japan, much less be allowed into the Principality of Solvette.
Without doubt, you two are suited for taking care of a fledgling idol.
Without further ado...
Without further ado, I would like to introduce our first super culturist.
Without further ado, let's have these high profile feuding friends take the stage!
Without further ado, let's have these high-profile feuding friends take the stage!
Without warning, Karen Island turned into Volcano Island!
Without you two, we wouldn't be here today.
With parts representing both me and Maika!
With pleasure!
With Pure Palette's restart on the line...
With speed to spare.
- With such huge projects on their plates, they won't have any time together as Friends.
With such huge undertakings on their plates, they won't have any time together as Friends.
With that!
With that guiding them forward, they were able to make their dream come true.
With that in mind, I can feel myself brimming with more power than ever.
With the hope of painting a future together on our pure-white canvas, we named our Friends unit "Pure Palette".
With the moon watching over you, don't you feel less nervous?
"With the rising of the sun, visit your friend's place of learning and you are certain to receive a surprise." Surprise?
"With the rising of the sun, visit your friend's place of learning and you are certain to receive a sur-purrise." Sur-purrise?
with the scary neighborhood bulldog and won!
"With the the Diamond Friends Cup coming up, you idols should be starting to form Friends.
With this dress at the forefront of fashion, I'm going to shine more brilliantly.
With this dress, I can enjoy Aikatsu with all my heart!
With this, I can build up some muscle!
With this, I can go anywhere in the venue!
With this, I'm allowed to go anywhere in the venue I want!
With this, we will be leveling up the trials.
With those ambitions in mind, would you care to take a look at my updated menu of recommendations?
With those dresses, being Diamond Friends is more than just a dream!
with totally different things than mine watashi to wa chigau kara A tiny coincidence chiisana guuzen A tiny coincidence chiisana guuzen Mysteries come raining down afureru fushigi Mysteries come raining down afureru fushigi In a brilliant shower iroazayaka ni In a brilliant shower iroazayaka ni And fill us to the brim
With us?
With you, I can do it.
With you, I can make it.
With your help, we should be able to make an even more incredible stage.
- With your help, we should be able to make an incredible stage.
- With your help, we should be able to pull off an incredible performance.
With your wings, you can reach it.
- With you this Holy Night will be a Party Night - kimi to Holy Night sawagu Party Night - Make up, dress up, level up, and then I'll meet you!
With you, we can be brilliant.
With you, we can go anywhere we want, together!
With you, we can resound.
wokashi, itowokashi totemo natsukashii Endearing, so enticing, and oh so nostalgic wokashi, itowokashi totemo natsukashii Endearing, so enticing, and oh so nostalgic wokashi, itowokashi totemo natsukashii Tales of our home help to pass the night kokyou no hanashi yoru wo akashi Tales of our home help to pass the night
Wonderful!
Wonderful! You pass!
Wonder if you'll be okay.
Won't they be disappointed if they can't?
Won't you keep doing Aikatsu?
Won't you keep on doing Aikatsu?
Won't you make Alicia-sama smile again like you did for us?
Won't you stand beside me on the Aikatsu stage?
Won't you try and make your miracle Aikatsu debut too?
woods, so would you mind bringing it over?
- Word is spreading fast online and on the streets.
Work hard at Aikatsu, become Diamond Friends and aim to make a million friends!
Work hard at Aikatsu, become Diamond Friends, and aim to make a million friends!
Working hard?
Working on your figure, practicing makeup jibun migaki mo meikuappu mo Working on your figure, practicing makeup jibun migaki mo meikuappu mo Working on your figure, practicing makeup jibun migaki mo meikuappu mo - Everything - zenbu ne - Everything - zenbu ne - Everything - zenbu ne Every day
Work is important, but not if it makes you sick!
Work may prevent me from being by your side, but you're always in my heart.
World Venue List And here's the contact information of some alumnae plying their trade abroad.
Worried about the acting?
Worried about the Principality?
Would be colored in curiosity koukishin ni somatteku desho?
Wouldn't that be considered an act of god?
Wouldn't this be her first experience?
Would that not have the opposite effect?
- Would they really?
Would you all like to join us for a picture?
Would you assist me?
Would you be my friend?
Would you care to dance with, Aine-chan?
Would you care to dance with us, Aine-chan?
Would you consider signing on as her official supporters?
Would you give Hibiki a hand?
Would you give us a hand?
Would you grant me one more request?
Would you like a divination?
Would you like a sip?
Would you like me to include aikido and kyudo?
Would you like one too, Mio-chan?
Would you like to Aikatsu with us too?
Would you like to do Aikatsu too?
Would you like to get along better?
Would you like to go out and observe some other Friends? They might give you an idea.
Would you like to go out and observe some other Friends? They might make a good reference point.
"Would you like to go out together your next day off?" Goodness, she's asking you on a date.
Would you like to try it out?
Would you mind calling for Coco-san?
Would you mind if I attended?
Would you mind keeping quiet?
Would you mind letting me see them?
Would you mind stopping for a moment?
Would you mind telling Karen not to push herself too hard for me?
Would you mind telling me your name?
Would you mind telling us your name?
Would you mind working together with me?
Would you please tell me the biggest headlines regarding the Diamond Friends Cup?
Would you show me?
Would you still be able to act so naive?
Would you take a look at this?
Would you teach us the basics of what we're about to say?
Wow!
Wow.
Wow...
Wow, a commercial! That's awesome!
Wow, a counseling room?
Wow, amazing!
Wow, amazing! These are all about us?
Wow, awesome!
Wow, doesn't that shake things up!
Wow! How did you make it all the way here?
Wow, I can't believe there's an academy here too.
Wow, I couldn't have asked for better!
Wow, isn't that a Jeweling Dress?
Wow, isn't that the super popular amusement park?
Wow, it's so pretty!
Wow, it's so pretty.
Wow, it's super splendid!
Wow, Mio!
Wow, nobody's even talking about anyone other than Ema-chan and Maika-chan.
Wow, she looked exactly like the real moon!
Wow, she's pretty.
Wow, she's pure white.
Wow, thanks!
Wow, thanks so much!
Wow, thank you.
Wow, that colorful alphabet pattern...
Wow, that looks amazing!
Wow, that's amazing!
Wow, that's just like Aine-chan!
Wow! That's just perfect for us!
Wow, that sounds amazing!
Wow, that sounds like fun!
Wow, that's our Aine-chan.
Wow! That's perfect for us!
Wow, that's so cool!
Wow, the crowd's going wild!
Wow! The meat is so juicy, and each bite releases an explosion of flavor.
Wow, there's so much to do!
Wow, the world is full of mysteries.
Wow, they really heated things up!
Wow, they're perfectly aligned!
Wow! This Honey Cat video's got over a million views!
Wow, this is amazing!
Wow, very nice!
Wow, well doesn't that shake things up!
Wow, what an impressive mushroom!
Wow, wow! Kaguya-chan, you're so good!
Wow, wow, wow!
Wow! You can really do everything!
Wow, you're Aine-chan's little sister?
Wow, you're right. Sure are pretty.
Wow, your resolve is really impressive.
Wrong character!
Wrong room, was it this way?
W-Wait...
W-Wait, Aine!
W-Wait, Aine.
W-Wait! Idols run way too fast!
W-We couldn't! We only...
W-Welcome!
W-Well, I thought we still had a long road ahead of us.
W-We'll now have a word with Love Me Tear.
W-Well, this is my first variety show, and I'm feeling rather nervous.
W-W-Wasshoi!
Yah-ho! Doing good, Eli-chan?
Yah-hoo!
Yahoo!
Yahoo! We made a miracle!
Yamamoto-san, the receptionist I met at an audition, is an older sister.
Yaohachi Oneesan!
Yappa aikatsu!
Yay!
Yay! Ema!
Yay! I got the Chiharu-san seal of approval!
Yay! I'll give it all!
Yay! I'll give it all I've got!
Yay! I'll give it all my energy!
Yay! I'm so glad!
Yay, I'm so happy!
Yay, it really is!
Yay, it's frienergy!
Yay! Now which should I choose...
Yay! Please make me look like an idol!
Yay! Thanks, everyone!
Yay, we made it back!
Yeah!
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah...
Yeah, according to my divination, we will!
Yeah, Aine!
Yeah, Aine asked Tamaki-san for them so that as many people as possible could see us.
Yeah... Aine has Nako-chan...
Yeah, Aine said she wanted to hear their voices directly.
Yeah, and by now, you should know exactly what that is.
Yeah. And it's not like we aren't jealous after missing our chance to become Diamond Friends.
Yeah, and I was stiff as a board.
Yeah, and she'll be arriving earlier than planned.
Yeah, and so do I.
Yeah, and that it reacts to an idol's brilliance and becomes a Jeweling Dress.
Yeah, and that's not all.
- Yeah, and they sure raised the tension.
Yeah! And we'll do it in these dresses packed full of Friends power.
Yeah, and you were really successful as Friends before.
Yeah, as long as we work together!
Yeah! As long as your feelings are strong enough, it'll all work out!
Yeah, at Star Harmony Academy.
Yeah, because I still have a long way to go to catch up to you.
Yeah, because starting today...
Yeah! Being able to sing in front of so many people is so trilling and exciting!
Yeah! Being able to sing in front of this many people is so thrilling and exciting!
Yeah, both of you kind of have this cat vibe about you.
Yeah! Bring it on!
Yeah! But how do you think we should do that?
Yeah! But how should we do that?
Yeah, but I had a lot of fun!
Yeah, but I still don't get it.
Yeah, but it's not a big deal.
Yeah, but we decided to go for it using all the time we have between gigs.
Yeah! Everyone, thanks so much for your help!
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah, exactly! Plus, you might end up becoming Friends with one of us.
Yeah, for a new commercial.
Yeah, for real!
Yeah, for sure!
Yeah, for sure.
Yeah, friendmatoes!
Yeah, have you decided who to form Friends with?
Yeah, how to put it...
Yeah, I already knew.
Yeah, I am.
Yeah! I believe you!
Yeah, I can feel the sugar rejuvenating me.
Yeah, I can see why.
Yeah, I'd be scared too.
Yeah, I didn't want to keep on being way behind you.
Yeah. I'd like to meet my fans directly so that they can learn more about me.
Yeah, I don't know what we would've done if you hadn't...
Yeah! If I had to say, I'd actually call this a positive thing.
Yeah, I had a long way to go to catch up to you.
Yeah, I had some time before my work later.
Yeah, I had some time before work.
Yeah! I just know our fans will love it too!
Yeah, I like it!
Yeah! I'm aiming to make a million friends!
Yeah! I'm all warmed up!
Yeah, I'm ready.
Yeah! I'm so excited to sing in front of this many people!
Yeah, I'm super excited!
Yeah, I'm super excited for it!
Yeah! I should be on the nice list, so Santa's gonna bring me a present!
Yeah... I should've known.
Yeah, it ended up being a great commercial.
Yeah, it has to be!
Yeah, I think it'd be perfect for you.
Yeah, I thought they'd be useful for Pure Palette Legends.
Yeah! It'll be fun!
Yeah... I totally can't handle ghosts.
Yeah, it's right there!
Yeah! It's the Nocturne Night Coord!
Yeah, it was a wonderfully warm welcome.
Yeah, it was right around here!
Yeah, it would've been nice if we could.
Yeah, I've got to learn a thing or two from them.
Yeah, I've never done it before.
Yeah, I've noticed that too...
Yeah, I wanted to wear Candy Party dresses that badly.
Yeah! I want you to tell me every single part of my singing and dancing I can improve on!
Yeah! I was able to jump because I believed in them!
Yeah. I was forced to learn that life is all about experience.
Yeah, I was lucky enough for it to end early.
Yeah, I was lucky enough that it ended before schedule.
Yeah, I was stiff as a board.
Yeah. Knowing that we're one hundred percent rivals gives me a complicated feeling.
Yeah. Let it all out, and I'm sure the sight of twin idols standing side by side will be wonderful.
Yeah. Let's beat Love Me Tear!
Yeah. Let's become Best Friends!
Yeah, let's both think about it!
Yeah, let's bury it again.
Yeah, let's come up with something together!
Yeah! Let's do it!
Yeah! Let's do our best, Mio-chan!
Yeah, let's go!
Yeah, let's make thorough preparations!
Yeah! Maika!
Yeah, me too!
Yeah! Mio-chan, let's keep on doing our best together!
Yeah, Mio-chan took the day off.
Yeah... Nako-chan is coming here that day. I made friends with her while looking for a brand.
Yeah... Nako-chan is coming over. I made friends with her while looking for a brand.
Yeah, nice and cunique!
Yeah, not happening.
Yeah, not yet.
Yeah, of course!
Yeah! Oh, me, I guess.
Yeah! Oh, that was me.
Yeah right, as if!
Yeah, seriously.
Yeah, seriously. Like invite her to a Pure Palette morning lesson.
Yeah, seriously. Like invite her to do a morning lesson for Pure Palette.
Yeah, she's almost scarily intense.
Yeah. She seems out of control at first glance, I'm gonna be Japan's representative in both lacrosse and idoldom!
Yeah. She seems unconstrained at first glance, but in reality, she's like a reliable older sister.
Yeah! She's overflowing with love, just like the entire earth!
Yeah, she's right.
Yeah, she's scarily intense.
Yeah, she's seemed somewhat fidgety and restless.
Yeah, she's seemed somewhat restless and anxious.
Yeah, shooting a commercial.
Yeah! Since becoming friends, we've kept in contact.
Yeah, so do I.
Yeah, so have I.
Yeah, so whether it's work or anything else...
Yeah, sure.
Yeah, thanks!
Yeah, that!
Yeah, that's it!
Yeah, that's nice.
Yeah, that's right!
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah, that's the spirit!
Yeah, that's why it's so hard for her.
Yeah, that totally happened.
Yeah, that was a truly inspiring performance.
Yeah, the episode with Love Me Tear.
Yeah. The offer was originally for Maika alone, but after seeing Aine's last performance, the program staff sent a special invitation.
Yeah. There's a lot of pressure on us, but it's worth doing.
- Yeah. There's a lot of pressure on us, but it's worth it.
Yeah! The word "quit" isn't in our dictionary, and every day's a fest!
Yeah! The word "quit" isn't in our vocabulary, and every day's a fest!
Yeah, the world of Aikatsu is huge.
Yeah! They're the Diamond Friends, Love Me Tear!
- Yeah, they sure made the air buzz.
Yeah, they sure spiced things up.
Yeah, this brings back memories.
Yeah, together!
Yeah, totally!
Yeah! We can do this together, Aine!
Yeah, we can't find her anywhere.
Yeah! We did, Aine!
Yeah! We did it, we did it!
Yeah! We got to do Aikatsu again today!
Yeah. We lived next door and played together all the time.
Yeah. We lived next door to each other and played together all the time.
- Yeah. We'll be under pressure, but it's worth accomplishing.
Yeah, we'll do it together!
Yeah! We'll go out and find them ourselves!
Yeah, we need to defeat them one way or another to become Diamond Friends.
Yeah! We've got our idea!
Yeah... What's up?
Yeah. Whenever Kaguya-chan tries to lie, she starts sweating around her hair whorl.
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah! Yeah...
Yeah, yeah! Gotta venture into the shrine to gain the jewel!
Yeah, yeah. If you're scared, you should drop out while you still can.
Yeah, yeah! I'm so hype!
Yeah, yeah! Just leave it to Onee-san!
Yeah, yeah! Let's all work hard and find someone for our Friends!
Yeah, yeah! Let's all work hard and find someone to be Friends with!
Yeah, yeah! No shrine ventured, no jewel gained!
Yeah, yeah! That's why you're the cutest!
Yeah, you both kind of have this cat vibe about you.
Yeah, you heard right.
Yeah, you know.
Yeah, you look all grown up.
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, you're telling me.
Year 2 Idol Track Yuuki Aine - This year's audience choice best idol award went to Yuuki Aine-san. Until last year she was in the general track, but has now transferred into the idol track.
- Year and Name - Short appeal - We'll do our very best!
year! - Goth loli makup lesson - Put your everything into this winter - Reflect Moon Special 10 ways to make friends with bats tatta tararatta...
Yep!
Yep.
Yep! Aikatsu dowsing!
Yep, at Mio-chan's suggestion.
Yep! But that's a secret for later.
Yep! But that's a secret until later.
Yep! Here we go!
Yep! Himari-chan, Iroha-chan, let's hang out soon!
Yep! Hinata Ema is aiming to be Japan's representative in both idoldom and lacrosse!
Yep! Hinata Ema is aiming to play for Team Japan as both a lacrosse player and an idol!
Yep! I finally got around to renting this one.
Yep! I like how "you" it is!
Yep, I'll be revealing it during the show.
Yep! I'm in my third year of school, and you're in your second!
Yep! I'm learning song lyrics a little at a time.
Yep! I'm the stylist of my brand too.
Yep! Isn't it perfect for Aine-chan?
Yep! Isn't that miraculous?
Yep! It's fun, like riding a roller coaster.
Yep. It's something I really considered, really took my time with, and really wanted to be special.
Yep! I've got a place reserved and everything, so come with high hopes.
Yep! I want to thank you for playing with my brother and his friends too, so ask me anything!
Yep, I was inspired by my Friend Albums, so I made them.
Yep! Look at my Friend Album too.
Yep, or that was the plan...
Yep! Tamaki-san says they'll all be arriving here tomorrow.
Yep! Tamaki-san says they're all coming back tomorrow.
Yep, that's me.
Yep! That's the surefire way to get more people to like you and your brand.
Yep, that was the plan...
Yep! The interesting girl from the audition I was telling you about.
Yep! This is the first time I'll have someone shadowing me.
Yep, we're rivals through and through.
Yes!
Yes?
Yes?!
Yes.
Yes...
Yes, according to the moon.
Yes. According to the moon, "Frolic in the bounty of Mother Sea with close companions to bring fortune upon the festival." Talking about Sakuya's divination?
Yes! A close ally by my side is exactly what a friend is to me!
Yes. Alicia...
Yes. Although it may appear innocuous at first glance, any who are caught in the blizzard may be frozen to the core where they stand.
Yes. Among those who strive for the peak of Aikatsu and push one another to greater heights, there is no above or below.
Yes, and all her fans are enjoying themselves.
Yes, and although I'm accustomed to being in front of a camera for movies, this feels completely different.
Yes! And among them all, Mio is my Friend.
Yes! And Mirai-san...
Yes! And one of them is Mio, my Friend.
Yes, and rivals from five years ago!
Yes, and so... Right, about the tomato delivery made today...
Yes, and so will Pure Palette, now shouldering their emotions.
Yes, and so will Pure Palette, with both their hopes on their shoulders.
Yes... And you are?
Yes, appeals are the cornerstone of performances.
Yes, a rabbit-drawn carriage.
Yes, a reward for being a trooper through all the harsh training I've put you through.
Yes, as much as possible!
Yes, as part of Star Harmony Academy's new student debut concert.
Yes, at Sutekigahara Highlands.
Yes, at your service.
Yes! Because my new dream is...
Yes, but it's a comfortable exhaustion.
Yes, but my heart's still running at full power.
Yes, but of course.
Yes, but what on earth...
Yes, come in.
Yes, Ema-chan might be better suited to designing than we gave her credit for.
Yes, Ema-chan might be more well suited to designing than we gave her credit for.
Yes, especially their aqua and pink Friends Dresses.
Yes. Even adults were struggling to get their hands on them.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, from Hibiki.
Yes, gladly!
Yes, he let us know that he's always been interested in makeup, but was too embarrassed to tell anyone.
Yes, hello?
Yes, he said he'd always been interested in makeup, but was too embarrassed to tell anyone.
Yes, he's Fly the dog.
Yes, I already knew.
Yes, I call it the Neo Combination Coord.
Yes, I did it perfectly!
Yes, I'd love to!
Yes! I'd love to do it!
Yes, I feel much better thanks to your consideration.
Yes? If you've got something to say, spit it out.
Yes, I gave it to her.
Yes, I hope they're to your liking.
Yes, I'll be designing it myself!
Yes. I'll be leaving for my next job once Hariu-san comes to pick me up.
Yes, I'll be right with you.
Yes, I'll be working from home all day.
Yes. I'll make a Sugar Melody dress for you.
Yes, I'll take extra care.
Yes, I'm convinced of it.
Yes! I'm now confident in my own talent!
Yes, I must concur.
Yes, I'm Yuuki Aine.
Yes, in a country named the Principality of Solvette.
Yes. In this country, the snow freezes everything over.
Yes. In this country, the snow freezes over everything.
Yes, I plan to accept the offer.
Yes, it appears that a mysterious exercise has been making its way around town.
Yes, I think it's very likely.
Yes, I think so too.
Yes, I think there's a high probability.
Yes! It is specialty cream made by the Kamishiro Family's in-house pâtissier!
Yes! It is specialty cream made by the Kamishiro Family's personal pâtissier!
Yes. It's a cute brand that every girl dreams of wearing.
Yes, it was!
Yes, it was a sight to behold.
Yes, it was our mistake...
Yes! It was truly beautiful, and exuded love and kindness.
Yes! It was truly beautiful, and it exuded love and kindness.
Yes, it was wonderful. How may I deliver my regards to the chef?
Yes. I want Pure Palette to act in the way that suits them, and Love Me Tear to have their own take as well.
Yes, I was just designing my new Premium Rare Dress.
Yes. I will be making my solo debut with a movie tie-in, just like Onee-sama.
Yes, I would love to see that.
Yes, just like Love Me Tear did!
Yes, Kaguya-chan and I take turns giving divinations.
Yes! Karen landed on the "do a gag" space!
Yes! Karen landed on the "make us laugh" space!
Yes, keep going! That's the way!
Yes, let's do that.
Yes. Let us show everyone what Diamond Friends can do on stage.
Yes, let us we set our fans' souls ablaze with passion!
Yes, Mio-chan and I decided it together.
Yes, neither can I, Mirai.
Yes, not for anybody else sou hoka no dare demo nai But only so that I may continue to be me watashi wa watashi de aru tame ni But only so that I may continue to be me watashi wa watashi de aru tame ni - Keeping on unfalteringly even if I lose sight of
Yes, of course.
Yes! One on the board!
Yes, pudding!
Yes, Reflect Moon's performance was at the same level as last year's Love Me Tear.
Yes. She is an idol who has defended her throne of master since the very first episode.
Yes. She is an idol who has held the master's throne since the very first episode.
Yes, somehow...
Yes, something that can be presented on screen. Do you have any suggestions?
Yes! Something that's the closest ally by my side is a friend to me!
Yes, so much that we set our fans' souls ablaze with passion!
Yes, speak the unadulterated truth.
Yes... Sure thing.
Yes! Tamaki-san said it was probably telling us to let our hair down and play at the beach.
Yesterday afternoon, I let myself get sick, and my throat isn't doing all that well.
Yes. Thank you for the concern, Kaguya-chan.
Yes, that'll be perfect.
Yes, that's a good course of action.
Yes, that's great! Just the best!
Yes, that's my intention.
Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's the best option.
Yes! That's the spirit!
Yes, that's true.
Yes, that's what they said.
Yes, that was my intention.
Yes. The Love Me Lesson can only be done when you're perfectly in sync.
Yes, there! That's the way!
Yes, the usual actresses are stuck in a huge traffic jam and won't make it on time.
Yes they are!
Yes. They'll be our biggest hurdle to get into the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Yes. They plan to arrive here as soon as possible.
Yes, they said they'd love to have you.
Yes. This courtyard is the special place that connects our two worlds.
Yes, this is Mio.
Yes, this is my favorite part of the job.
Yes! This unique talent of mine has given me confidence!
Yes, this will be my first time doing an event like this...
Yes, this works wonderfully.
Yes, though just a little.
Yes, um, we come from the inside of the moon.
Yes, we decided to get a genuine Aikatsu education.
Yes, we did it.
Yes, we do know.
Yes, we hold them sometimes.
Yes, we just wrapped it up.
Yes, we'll be in your care.
Yes! We'll be waiting!
Yes. We'll have to defeat them to get into the Brilliant Friends Cup.
Yes! We'll raise the roof!
Yes, we'll send you out to support Mio at work all day tomorrow.
Yes. We're ready whenever you decide to go.
Yes, we thought we should get a proper Aikatsu education.
Yes, what is it?
Yes! When you wear those goggles, I can bring you all into the world I live in.
Yes, which is why as you can see, I'm quite nervous.
Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai
Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai Now, dance as if you're one saa kasane awasete Now, dance as if you're one saa kasane awasete I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction manzoku nante shitakunai kara I don't want to drown in self-satisfaction
Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded
Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai sou kotoba wa iranai
Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded Yes, words are unneeded sou kotoba wa iranai
Yes, yes, bring it this way, please.
Yes. Yes, I'm very sorry.
Yes, you may enter.
Yes. You're always surrounded by friends, no matter when.
Yes, you're correct. I'm very particular about the details.
Yet another dream of mine has come true since becoming an idol.
Yet despite that, the way they're facing their fans right now is dazzlingly bright.
Yet even now, infinite potential lies within them.
Yet here you are, walking to school without Aine-chan.
- Yet we must return to tell our lunar friends - tsuki ni kaette tsutae ni yukou - Yet we must return to tell our lunar friends - tsuki ni kaette tsutae ni yukou Stories of this world straight out of a fairy tale otogibanashi no you na monogatari Stories of this world
Yo!
Yo! Leave it to Onee-san!
yo machigatte nanka nai Go step by step ever onward ippo ippo chanto mae e Go step by step ever onward ippo ippo chanto mae e And one day we'll surely reach our goal gooru wa kitto soko ni aru And one day we'll surely reach our goal gooru wa kitto soko ni aru
Yoohoo!
Yoshitsune?
Yoshitsune.
Yoshitsune-kun's friends?
Yoshitsune, pass the milk.
Yoshitsune too!
Yo, they really heated things up!
You.
You add a new page for every friend you make.
You afforded us the ability to perform with even more passion than usual. Thank you.
You all came.
You all did this for me?
You all have them, right?
You already have a storyboard?
You already have one important event to deal with, and now you want to shoulder the fate of an entire country?
You already have the fans— Honey Cat has got this in the bag.
You already have to deal with one important event, and now you want to shoulder the fate of an entire country with this fest?
You already made the flyers.
You also need interpreters and event planners.
You always act so cool and collected— this is the first time I've ever seen you this excited.
You always know best, Hibiki-san.
You always pull the best things from out of nowhere. That's my Karen.
You always seem to get Japanese food, Maika.
You always share your class notes with me whenever I have to miss due to work.
You always were shy, Onee-sama.
You and I are each fragments on our own.
You and I both, as well as every other idol, began our Aikatsu imitating someone we admire.
- You and I both, as well as every other idol, began their Aikatsu imitating someone they admire.
You and I have created several chocolate mint macaron commercials.
You and I have created several ChocoMint Macaron commercials.
You appear to be troubled.
You are.
You are an idol, so how do you justify being so negligent in your Aikatsu?
You are an idol, so what is the meaning of being negligent in your Aikatsu?
You are a wonderful producer.
You are like a reflection of my past self, unable to tell my true feelings to Onee-sama.
You are my muse.
You are my... my...
You are my star.
You are not to allow them entry into this country...
You are so graceful you seem to float on the surface of the snow.
You are still missing something essential to being an idol.
You are still missing something vital as an idol.
You are the one who taught me that.
You are to lithe it's difficult to imagine the snow slowing you down.
You aside, the prestige of Diamond Friends is far too heavy a burden for someone like myself to bear.
You beat us all, so it's only fair you entertain us a little.
You beat us all, so you've got nothing to lose by entertaining us a little.
You became princes for us?
You believe...
You believe in her too, Mio.
You believe in me?
You bet I will!
You brought the whole shopping district with you too!
You came all the way up to Hokkaido for this. We couldn't possibly send you home empty-handed.
You came at just the right time.
You came at me head on and opened my eyes.
You came back! I'm so glad.
You came out!
You came out of the gate full throttle, so I was surprised.
- You came out of the gate guns blazing, so I was surprised.
You came right at me and opened my eyes.
You came to watch my show.
You can!
You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru
You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it kimi no isshoukenmei de ugoku mono ga aru That's why more is Aikatsu!
You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it You can accomplish anything if you put your heart to it
You can ask Coco anything you want about Friends!
You can ask Coco-chan anything you want to know.
You can ask me anything about Love Me Tear.
You can be sure they'll blow us all away.
You can borrow this if you'd like.
You can count on me!
You can do it!
You can do it, Aine!
- You can do it as long as you burn everything you've got.
You can do it as long as you ignite everything you've got.
- You can do it as long as you light up everything you've got.
You can do it, Mio-chan.
You can do this!
You can do this.
You can enjoy the beauty of nature in the huge park.
You can even see things like that?
You can even tell things like that?
You can feel the intensity and excitement in the air despite the unfortunate weather.
You can feel the passion coursing below the calm surface.
You can feel the unbridled wrath of nature here.
You can go the distance.
You can have faith in me!
You can involve those around you and draw out all their power.
You can just call me Ema.
You can leave the stage to Onee-san!
You cannot blame her for falling asleep in such a bright place.
You can only rely on others for answers until kindergarten!
you can post anything you want.
You can reach it with your wings.
You can really tell the difference between us and an Aikatsu artist.
You can rely on me to teach you anything.
You can say that again.
you can - Sing it out loud! Believe it as much as you can - utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto Utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto utatte! shinjirareru yo kitto - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - Raise it up high! Believe and just let it be - agatte! shinjiteiru yo sotto
You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare I'm sure the cards we collected together can change even our lives kitto issho ni atsumeta kaado jinsei mo kaechau yo I'm sure the cards we collected
You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare I'm sure the cards we collected together can change even our lives
You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare kimi mo houseki mitai ni hikare
You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel You can sparkle just like a jewel
You can still make it.
You can stop!
You can't, Aine.
You can talk to us.
You can't be completely sure of that.
You can't bring every last thing along with you.
You can't do that.
You can tell?
You can tell already that this year's Best Friends Cup won't be as simple as before.
You can tell even without talking...
You can tell me anything.
You can tell Onee-san anything.
You can tell she's one of the best idols in the world, even the universe!
You can tell she's one of the best idols in the world... no, the universe!
You can tell us anything.
You can tell without speaking...
You can't escape!
You can't expect me to keep quiet when a fest is involved.
You can't find them just anywhere.
You can't fool my eyes!
You can't fool my eyes.
You can't go touching things in the studio without permission.
You can't go wrong with that!
You can't grow without breaking the mold.
You can't have a fest without a blazing show!
You can't have cake without black tea!
You can't let them be?
You can't! Mio's on the job...
You can't nap here!
You can't possibly eat that much!
You can't push yourself like this!
You can transform, be fashionable more henshin shitai oshare wo shitai You can transform, be fashionable more henshin shitai oshare wo shitai You can transform, be fashionable more henshin shitai oshare wo shitai - Together - minna ne - Together - minna ne - Together - minna ne Knowing who I've always been
You can't really see "vastness" directly, so it's pretty difficult...
You can't say for certain.
You can't speak?
You can understand what ghosts are thinking?
You can use these if you'd like too.
You can wash her here then.
You can worry about that after you start getting full marks.
You care more and know way, way more about Love Me Tear than anyone else!
You certainly are close.
You changed!
You comprehend these macarons perfectly.
You could even see this future in store for us?
You could heat things up even more if you held a fest in all that snow.
You couldn't possibly find a pair more suited to the job than them.
You could say that.
You could tell?
You could've come up with a better lie.
You'd better be prepared for us next time.
You'd better be ready to face Honey Cat's true skills!
You'd better get your takes approved!
You'd better win! No matter what!
You'd do the same for me.
You deserve a break.
You deserve a rest after all that.
You did?!
You did a Coco-chan Appeal!
You did a good job too. Aine.
You did it!
You did it, Aine.
You did it, Aine-chan.
You did make the jewel mad at all.
You didn't!
- You didn't hold back at all right out of the gate, so I got surprised.
You didn't notice?
You didn't notice before?
You didn't realize?
- You did too!
You did well to come.
You displayed the full brilliance of your dresses to boot.
You'd normally be with Mio-chan.
You do?
You do have a point, but...
You don't always keep your cool.
- You don't always keep your cool, but can act recklessly too.
- You don't always keep your cool. Sometimes you act recklessly.
You don't care about Love Me Tear?!
You don't have the determination to surpass me.
- You don't have the will to surpass me.
You don't have the will to surpass me.
You don't have to get so angry!
You don't have to if you don't want to.
You don't know either?
You don't know either...
You don't know? It's one of Star Harmony Academy's seven wonders.
You don't know? She's from I Believe, the mythical Friends who suddenly disappeared five years ago.
You don't need an appointment or anything, so why not give it a try?
You don't need to force it.
You don't need to get so worked up about it.
You don't need to worry!
You don't need to worry about that.
You don't qualify as my Friends.
You don't think...
You do? Then I'll be sure to order again.
You drew this many?!
You'd think so, right?
You even brought a script I forgot in class all the way to the TV station for me.
You even brought the script I once forgot in class all the way to the broadcasting station for me.
You even managed to surprise me.
You even more☆ - Likes - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 - #abouttoair #pleasewatch☆ - You gave me courage! - I'll do my best to live - You're the best! - Aine-chan, I want to You even more☆ - Likes - Aine with script - #ldolWitch #Ep15 - #abouttoair #pleasewatch☆ - You gave
You exaggerate. I spend every day fighting against myself.
You express emotions through movements on a stage.
- You feel like there's more to be done?
You feel like there's more you could do?
You feel warm. Go take your temperature.
- You find yourself inside a forest.
You find yourself inside a forest.
You fixed nearly every single point I brought up yesterday! I can tell how hard you worked.
You fly on over without any reservations.
You forgot our lyrics on that song program the other day.
You forgot Pen-sama!
You gave me fresh motivation.
You get full credit!
You got a flower bouquet delivery.
You got all the lines perfectly too.
You got a neck pillow and eye mask.
You got it!
You got it, Mio!
You got it. That's exactly what Colorful Shake is all about.
You got lost?!
You got me. So much has happened that we haven't gotten around to it.
You got me. So much has happened that we haven't made any progress.
You got past the interview entirely by your own abilities.
You got past the interview entirely by your own power.
You got some time freed up for you to get everything sorted, didn't you?
- You gotta win! Go go Honey Cat!
You got through it all though, and made it look effortless!
You got to hand it to the Miracle Dresses.
You graced the stage with boundless beauty.
You had a deathly serious look in your eyes, and I couldn't help but wonder.
You had a Jeweling Dress this whole time?
You had a new student debut concert too, didn't you?
You had been so preoccupied with presenting well that you forgot to bring a smile to those watching.
You had me worried sick.
You handled that well, Tamaki-san.
You have?
You have absolutely nothing to fear.
You have a colossal amount of Aikatsu obligations to fulfill.
You have amassed a great amount of Friends power through your interactions with fans around the country.
You have an early start tomorrow, so take a bath and go to sleep as soon as you're done.
You have an older sister side to you too, Kaguya-chan.
You have a performance tomorrow!
You have a point.
You have a point, and I'm inclined to agree.
You have a talent that nobody else can imitate, Wakaba.
You have a visitor.
You have come to get a reading about your friendship, am I correct?
You have fair and sensitive skin.
You have five magazine interviews, three gravure model photo shoots, and two song program appearances.
You have five magazine interviews, three gravure photoshoots, and two song programs.
You have Momone to thank for buying you time!
You have my gratitude.
You have my utmost gratitude for the lesson, Kamishiro Karen-san.
You have no ability to deal with situations on the fly, no ability to ad-lib!
You have no place in it.
You have no sense of direction?!
You have nothing to fear.
You have nothing to feel bad about!
You have nothing to worry about!
You have nothing to worry about.
You haven't heard of them, Onee-chan?!
You haven't talked about I Believe's renewal with Alicia-san at all?!
You have one month.
You have such a lovely voice.
You have the capacity to provide tender guidance.
You have the potential to be a world-class model.
You have the potential to become the top model.
You have three magazine interviews lined up for today. Think you can handle it?
You have to come see our next show.
You have to get an early start tomorrow, so take a bath and go to sleep as soon as you're done.
You have to go back before that happens!
You have to play when you have off!
You have to stay and rest.
You have to tell us more!
You have until tomorrow evening to turn it in.
You have your own performance to take care of!
You helped me realize something important.
You helped me when my throat was sore, remember?
You hurt your leg during a game?!
You inspire one another.
You in the audience will be the judges.
You invited Aine-chan to be in your drama.
You just can't look away from Wakaba-chan's Aikatsu!
You just left without saying anything?
You just make sure to add Miracle Appeals to your arsenal before the big day.
You just need to try again the next chance you get!
You just sit back and wait, Aine.
You keep saying how amazing you think I am, but I wanted you to understand that you've long since caught up to me.
You know...
You know her?
You know how important a debut show is.
You know how Star Harmony Academy has been raising Friends for a long time, right?
You know how to heat things up.
You know, I just wish you'd told your father...
You know, I'm confident I can be a good friend to you.
You know, I'm pretty sure you're not the one who's supposed to be saying that.
You know, it'd be really nice if you'd let Momone...
You know, I've always wanted to get my makeup done by you at least once.
You know, I've been wanting to meet you two for a long time.
You know, I was pretty surprised.
You know I will!
You know these two very well...
You know, the trials you came up with may be unique, but I wouldn't call them cute.
You know way, way more about Love Me Tear than anyone else!
You know what I think?
You know what? We should make a campfire later!
You leave me no choice!
You leave Pure Palette's work to me!
You like Penne?
You'll always be my number one!
You'll attract a different level of attention than you used to.
You'll attract attention from more people than you used to.
You'll be able to get your own once you become an amazing idol!
You'll be fine!
You'll be fine.
You'll be fine! We're just walking past the outside.
You'll be holding a mini-live concert on the second day.
You'll be real scary down the road!
You'll be showing how much you've grown to the audience.
You'll be standing here.
You'll come, won't you?
You'll definitely be able to speak after this.
You'll have to get started preparing right away to make it in time for the official reveal.
You'll have to wait a bit longer to see how it turns out.
You'll have to work hard to live up to Mirai-san's expectations.
You'll learn a lot being on the other side of makeup.
You'll look back on it over and over again as the years pass.
You'll need to make the second one even better!
You'll never pass anyone. And that means...
You'll ruin the take like that.
You'll take us up on this for Hibiki-san, won't you?
You'll want to take this bag into space!
You look as though you can hardly contain your excitement.
You looked like you needed help.
You looked lonely doing Aikatsu all on your own.
You looked lonely doing Aikatsu all on your own, Aine-chan.
You looked so deathly serious, I couldn't help but wonder.
You look great in your new uniform!
You look like something bad happened.
You look like you have so much fun bouncing words off each other.
You look like you're having the time of your life whenever you dance on stage!
You look the same as always to me...
- You lose sight of what's up and down, and can't control your movements at all.
You lose track of what's up and down, and you can't control your movements at all.
- You lose track of what up and down, and you can't control your movements at all.
You love your little sisters more than anything else in the world, Kazune.
You made flyers already.
You made these yourself?! That's amazing.
You made this many?!
You make me feel like I can do this "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo
You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this "daijoubu" sou omoeta yo arukidasou arukidasou So let's set off!
You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this You make me feel like I can do this
You make sure to jog every day, and I never could've guessed how strong you've become!
You make sure to jog every day, and you've become stronger than I could've ever imagined!
You may also put on your favorite toppings.
You may be fine, but the burden of being Diamond Friends is far too heavy a burden for me to bear.
- You may be right. That just goes to show how exceptional Diamond Friends are.
You may be scared of ghosts, but you sure love things like this.
You may enter.
You may have just been copying Aine's singing and dancing, but these cheers, Wakaba-chan, are all directed at you.
You may have just made your Friends debut, but you're so aligned it's like you've been Friends since birth.
You may have only just made your Friends debut, but anyone can tell you're so aligned it's like you've been Friends since birth.
You may not know, but Love Me Tear are the diamond of the Friends sphere.
You mean...
You mean Chihori-san and Eru-san from that Snow White Maidens?
You mean like putting salt on watermelon?
You mean pounding mochi, Onee-sama.
You mean these?
You mean... they're breaking up?
You mean to interpret it ourselves?
You might be right that it was just good fortune that I was able to make the Cinderella video.
You might be too scared to go to the bathroom alone at night after this.
You might even get a year's supply of sports drinks.
You might not think it, but I'm actually great at sitting properly!
- You might want to consider pairing with someone you wouldn't normally consider. It could be enlightening.
- You might want to consider someone outside your comfort zone. It could be enlightening.
You might want to pair with someone you wouldn't normally consider. It could be enlightening.
You must all really love Alicia-san.
You must be kidding!
You must be looking forward to filming.
You must be so excited.
You must be Tenshou Hibiki-san.
You must have already realized, Sister.
You must have gotten hungry.
You mustn't forget about us as well.
You must perform... instead of us.
You must simply treat them as a close sister rather than a stranger.
You must treasure all of them very much.
You must treasure them all very much.
You must've been lonely all by yourself for all this time.
You need a breather as much as they do.
You needed a breather as much as them.
You need more?
You need not ask.
You need not play along if you think it's reckless.
You needn't worry about that, Sakuya-chan and Kaguya-chan.
You need time to prepare for our trip though, don't you?
You need to apply for a Moon Passport.
You need to be able to fire off the answers to simple questions like that!
You need to convey the flavor with appropriate metaphors!
You need to express your emotions through movement on a stage.
You need to fill out forms whenever you visit a TV station ♪ m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 You need to fill out forms whenever you visit a TV station.
You need to find an unrefined jewel before you can get a Jeweling Dress, right?
You need to fly to get overseas.
You need to hold them for the camera!
You need to hurry. The deadline's tomorrow.
You need to start getting ready soon.
You need to use more descriptive language!
You need to work your way up to becoming a proper idol too.
You never cease to amaze me, Aine.
You never had any interest before.
You never know what tiny thing could give you inspiration.
You never know when you'll run into an undiscovered life form out there.
You never know when you'll run into an undiscovered lifeform out there.
You only said it to protect Solvette.
You perfectly comprehend these macarons.
You planning to move in here?
You pulled the wool clean over my eyes.
You put on a fantastic performance.
You put on a stunning show.
Your ability to deal with situations on the fly, in other words ad-libbing, is weak!
Your affection for one another is unquestionable, but I'm afraid I have to be strict here.
Your Aikatsu cards are one of the most important things you'll get as an idol.
Your big bang is still coming, just far into your future.
Your big bang will still be coming, far into your future.
Your biggest opponent is yourself taisen aite wa watashi Your biggest opponent is yourself taisen aite wa watashi - You gotta defeat the weakness that's inside - yowaki ga ichiban tegowai na - You gotta defeat the weakness that's inside - yowaki ga ichiban tegowai na Nobody ever said that you only
Your binder's looking pretty full.
Your bouncing conversation never ends, and you're always smiling.
Your character is convinced that the protagonist is a real witch, so you run around gathering evidence.
Your character is convinced that the protagonist is a witch, and you run around gathering evidence.
Your closest allies...
Your closest ally...
Your concert is getting incredible reviews everywhere.
Your concert was received incredibly well.
Your cool style and the cute designs I prefer are mixing together perfectly.
Your cooperation would be indispensable.
Your current compatibility is...
Your divination won't be wrong!
your dream will come true!
Your dress was so cute!
You're absolutely brilliant right now, Kaguya-chan.
You're actually below the ground on Karen Island.
You're a diviner? Actually, you do look just like one!
You're a diviner? Actually, you do look like one!
You're a genius, Ema!
You're a lifesaver.
You're alive?!
You're all needed for the finale.
You really do love that book, Karen.
You really lit the stage on fire.
You really love Love Me Tear a lot!
You really nailed that. Maybe you'll be hired to do a sports drink commercial.
You really saved us, Wakaba-chan.
You really wanna know?
You really will?
You're already capable enough to be chosen by a jewel.
You're already Friends, so just ask her upfront.
You're always brimming with confidence.
You're always one step ahead, Onee-sama.
You're always saying how amazing you think I am, In that case, couldn't we possibly win against Love Me Tear?
You're always sharing your class notes with me whenever I have to miss due to work.
You're always so full of confidence.
You're always welcome here.
You're always with Sakuya-san, aren't you?
You're amazing getting in so soon after becoming an idol.
You're amazing, getting in so soon after becoming an idol.
You're amazing, Kaguya-san.
You're as funny as ever!
You're astounding.
You're a super special and awesome person!
You're aware of us?
You're awesome, Mio-chan!
You're back!
You're basically giving us a chance to learn off your Aikatsu, aren't you?
You're before the king. Eat quietly.
You're blocking our stage!
You're both Aikatsu beginners, aren't you?
You're both all set.
You're both still holding back the juicy bits!
You're Butya-chan!
You're correct.
You're doing great.
You're doing it wrong, Mio.
You're doing just as well, Mio-chan.
You're exactly as I envisioned, Yuuki Aine.
You're exactly right, Hibiki-san.
You're fair-skinned and will burn easily.
You're finally getting your debut as a Star Harmony idol.
You're finally making your debut as a Star Harmony idol.
You're from that time...
- You're giving us a chance to learn off your Aikatsu, aren't you?
You're glaring a hole through that.
You're going down, Karen.
You're going to give us guidance?
You're going to have more tours and arena concerts going forward.
You're going to restart I Believe?!
You're great, Aine!
You're gripping too tight! Kaguya-chan, Coco is just the messenger!
You're just here to watch today, right?
You're keeping up much better than before.
You're kidding...
You're like a cat idol.
You're likely to find a clue somewhere familiar.
You're likely to find a clue somewhere familiar to you.
- You're like the Aikatsu evangelist!
You remembered that?
Your Emerald Jeweling Dress was absolutely lovely!
You're mine!
You're Mio's dad?!
You're missing something important.
You're my friends, after all.
Your encouragement gave me the confidence to go on.
Your enemy is not without, but within yourself.
You're no better than me, Ema.
"You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "You're not alone!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!" "hitori janai!"
You're not even the one on stage.
You're not going to disappear?
You're not going to want to miss seeing how far they can go.
You're not in kindergarten anymore!
You're not our enemy.
You're not the only one.
You're not the only Onee-san anymore!
You're not the only ones.
You're not the only one who feels that way.
You're overreacting. We were only away for one month.
You're painting a mixture of colors from the palette onto a blank canvas.
You're perfect no matter what you do.
You're pretty good yourself, Hibiki.
You're pretty impressive for being able to make such fast friends with someone you just met.
You're pretty perceptive.
- You're probably the only one who's ever had the guts to ask to see her house!
You're probably the only one who's ever had the guts to say "I wanna see your house!" Mio-chan used to be a bit unapproachable.
You're real lifesavers. All that's left...
You're really cooling down.
You're really heating up.
You're really incredible.
You're really into it today.
You're right!
You're right.
You're right...
You're right, Aine.
You're right, Aine and Mio-chan shined way brighter than anyone else.
You're right! Aine-chan...
You're right, and I agree.
You're right. Even if we don't know exactly how yet, we just have to do our best to help Hibiki-san.
You're right, even Love Me Tear Legends had written in it that idols should be wary of sunburn.
You're right, even Love Me Tear Legends said that idols should be wary of sunburn.
You're right. I agree.
You're right, I haven't been able to play with you at all lately.
You're right, I love her!
You're right—I'm sorry.
You're right. It's not the number that matters.
You're right, it suits me great.
You're right! I was a huge fan of them.
You're right that it may be grander than an idol just starting out can handle.
You're right that it may be larger than an idol just starting out like you can handle.
You're right. That just goes to show how exceptional Diamond Friends are.
You're right! That means they were watching us too.
You're right! Then we'd better come up with a smart idea and meet Hibiki-san's expectations.
You're right! The two of them put forward their ideas.
You're right! Think we can catch them by hand?
You're right. This feels wonderful.
You're right. We thought our worldwide tour would be impossible at first, but we accomplished that too.
You're right. We thought our worldwide tour would be impossible at first, but we pulled that off too.
You're safe, Princess!
You're so cute.
You're so easy to read.
You're so famous. Even little girls like her recognize you.
You're so incredible, building a school like this.
You're so lucky you get to assist Mio-chan!
You're something else, Aine-chan.
You're spacesick.
You're speaking nonsense. Go back to arithmetic class and start your education over.
You're still running a fever!
You're such a handful.
You're supposed to have a performance tomorrow!
You're supposed to save your cake for dessert!
You're sweating buckets. Are you okay?
You're taking singing and dancing lessons now, aren't you?
You're the best, Aine!
You're the best! Sakuya-chan, Kaguya-chan!
You're the director, Hibiki-san?
You're the girl from earlier!
You're the idol who represents Japan.
You're their biggest fan, Mio-chan.
You're the last one left!
You're the ones who told me that from now on, two plus two will make infinity! So why...
You're the one we...
You're the one who said eating fried shrimp before an important performance is good luck.
You're the one who said eating fried shrimp before an important performance was good luck.
You're too much, Dad!
You're too silly, Ema.
You're totally right. Are they playing tag or something?
You're under the surface of Karen Island.
You're up and at it early this morning.
You're up next, Maika-chan.
You're very welcome.
You're wide open!
- You're wondering whether there's more that can be done?
You're working hard every day towards your worldwide fan meeting tour.
Your exhaustion's caught up to you.
Your expression was perfect!
Your eye for Chiharu's designs is what finally made her start Sugar Melody.
Your eye for Chiharu's designs is what made her finally start Sugar Melody.
Your face peeks out while crossing a crowded crossing kakiwakeru kousaten kakureta kimi no kao It's so silly I can't hold back a laugh waracchau kurai henteko de That's the best angle besuto na anguru You can always lighten the mood, but at times your focus slips out odokeru no ga tokui de
Your fans are all delighted.
Your fans are waiting outside.
Your father feels the same way.
Your fever still hasn't come down!
Your final audition is going to start without you!
Your first day back must've tired you out.
Your forms look fine. Good luck.
Your Friend, but also your rival?
Your friend? Do you mean Mirai-san?
Your friends?
Your frienergy bound Hibiki and I together once more.
Your frienergy isn't to be underestimated.
Your frienergy is something fierce.
Your frienergy reached me.
Your gourmet reporting is as amazing as ever!
Your gourmet reporting is on point again!
Your hard work is paying off.
Your hard work let us get some amazing shots that fully show off Ema-chan's appeal.
Your hard work let us get some amazing shots that put Ema-chan's appeal on full display.
Your Highness.
Your hosts are me, Hinata Ema...
Your hosts today will be me, Chouno Maika...
Your interpretation of the song moved me to tears.
Your interview for Pure Palette Legends was supposed to start at 5 PM sharp.
Your interview for Pure Palette Legends was supposed to start at five o'clock sharp.
Your interview was really smooth and reassuring!
Your last...
Your last concert sold out the moment tickets went on sale.
Your last concert was completely sold out the moment tickets went on sale.
- Your level of determination could never surpass me.
Your love for Candy Party must've drawn that dress to you, I'm sure!
Your lovely dress made everyone in the sold-out venue feel really excited!
Your makeup is running.
Your menu of recommendations?
Your mom is a designer, right?
Your mom really designed our Diamond Dresses?
Your next event requires everyone to go on in pairs.
You rock!
You rock, Maika!
Your order is the same tea as always.
Your order is the usual tea.
Your passport! And after all that effort.
Your performance and dresses were the best!
Your performance overflowed with love and a wish to enthrall the hearts of your audience.
Your performance the other day was great too!
Your performance was amazing!
Your performance was just amazing!
Your plan worked perfectly!
Your positions and power are indispensable.
Your positivity proves you were meant to be an idol.
Your Premium Rare Dress looked happy too!
Your Premium Rare Dress was on point too!
Your presence at my side just felt so comforting, and before I knew it...
Your question is answered in the Kamishiro Karen Series, volume 1.
Your question is answered in the Kamishiro Karen Series, Volume I.
Your reactions are the best!
Your role is the protagonist's idol understudy.
Your role will be as the protagonist's idol understudy.
Your schedule going forward is absolutely packed.
Your schedule going forward is already filled down to the minute.
Your search for delishrooms returned zero hits!
Your search for matsutake delishrooms returned zero hits!
Your search for matsutake delishrooms returned zero hits They're so nice. I bet you're a match made in heaven.
Your seat is over there.
yourself will never get you anywhere omotteru dake ja nani hitotsu todokanai kara Always remember to put the most important things to words daiji na koto hodo kotoba ni shiyou yo Always remember to put the most important things to words daiji na koto hodo kotoba ni shiyou yo More more more more more
Your show?
Your singing and dress were simply lovely.
Your's is far and above way more excellent!
Yours is far and above way more excellent!
Yours is the Day Dream Fantasy Coord.
Your smiles are blinding Your smiles are blinding I want to see Ema-chan's smile I want to see Ema-chan's smile Maika-chan's the best!
- Your smiles are blinding - Your smiles are blinding - I want to see Ema-chan's smile - I want to see Ema-chan's smile - Maika-chan's the best! - Maika-chan's the best!
Your solo debut...
Your solo debut song was a huge hit, and you even passed that audition to star in a drama!
Your song was overflowing with love and your wish to fill your audience with fun.
Your spark?
Your spunk is adorable too!
Your task is to create a new Pure Palette dress.
Your task is to find it at Star Harmony Academy!
Your true identity is a witch.
Your turn.
Your ultimate goal will be to reach the special stage, located at the heart of the island.
Your ultimate goal will be to reach the special stage, located deep inland.
Your unadorned, genuine self is what makes you special.
Your updated menu?
Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara You heard Coco-chan?
Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara koe wa itsumo todoku kara
Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us Your voice will always reach us
Your wish to spread love to all by mastering your way of Aikatsu is simply splendid.
Your work's caught up to you.
You said it!
You said Mio was feeling down, didn't you?
You said you really wanted us to come.
You said your name is Aine-chan, right?
You said you wanted to create a big bang for Pure Palette with these new dresses.
You said you wanted to make a big bang for Pure Palette with these new dresses.
You said you wanted us here no matter what.
You saved us.
You saw through it, Aine!
You say new, but how exactly are we supposed to find a new us?
- You say that, but I know you got an offer to become and instructor.
You say that, but I know you got an offer to become an instructor.
You say you cannot shine in such a cheap world?
You scared me!
You scared me half to death.
You see...
You see how Luna Witch has a mature feel to it with the dark night sky imagery, right?
You see how Luna Witch has a more mature feel to it with the night sky imagery, right?
You see, I'm also an idol, much like yourselves.
- You see, I'm an idol like yourselves.
You see? It shall be done.
You see, I've been searching for someone who could be my successor to do Aikatsu in space.
You seem kind of down today.
You seem to be very close to each other.
You see now? There was no misfortune to speak of.
You see, she ran away first thing after we arrived here.
You see, she ran away first thing after we got here.
You see, she's terrified.
You see, the real reason I asked a favor to let her shadow you is because I wanted my lesson-happy Wakaba to learn the real fun of Aikatsu.
- You see, the real reason I asked you to let her shadow you - The secret truth behind the reason I asked you to be shadowed Was because I wanted my lesson-happy Wakaba to learn the real fun of Aikatsu.
You see, there's a little something I've been hooked on lately.
You see, there's something I wanted to ask you both.
- You see, the truth is that I'm an idol like yourselves.
You should accept. It's nice to have some time alone together once in a while.
- You should accept. It's nice to have some time together once in a while.
- You should accept. It's nice to occasionally have some time together.
You should add lighting.
You should ask Coco-chan about anything you want to know.
You should be.
You should be proud!
You should consider alternative ideas to convey it better.
You should get in the shade.
You should get in the shade already.
You should know why, Tamaki-san.
You shouldn't do anything that wastes food!
You shouldn't push yourself too hard.
You should probably learn more about our destination first.
You should start getting ready for the official reveal then.
You shuffled your Friends again?!
You sound really disappointed.
You split it! Congratulations!
You still can.
You stuttered. Again!
You sure heated things up.
You surpassed my wildest imagination!
You there, Aine?
You think?
You think a miracle like that couldn't happen?
You think a sweet lie could trick me?
You think? Coffee goes way better with chocolate cake.
You think I'm a piece of cake?
You think so?
You think so? I think they'd make a great team.
You think so? Thanks!
You think so too?
You think we'll be able to win now?
Youth is simply wonderful.
You thought so too?
You three...
You too, Hibiki-san!
You took too long to realize!
- You took what you learned from the Star Harmony Cup and advanced Honey Cat even further.
You took what you learned from the Star Harmony Cup and advanced Honey Cat even further.
You too, Mio-chan!
You training for club? Or doing a lesson?
You try some too, Hibiki. I'd like to hear your opinion.
You two!
You two...
You two are an incredibly rare type of Friends, so take extra care in how you handle this.
You two are certainly full of zeal.
You two became our princes?
You two can definitely lead us into the Love Me Zone!
You two certainly are zealous.
You two over there!
You two seem to be very close.
You two stunned everyone with your outstanding Miracle Appeal at the Best Friends Cup.
You understand what ghosts are thinking?
You understand your partners as well as yourselves.
You've already been an idol for four months.
You've already helped me so much by being my friend.
You've also got offers to model for a fashion magazine and appear in a cosmetics commercial.
You've always been there to support me, so it's my turn to return the favor.
You've always supported me all this time, so it's my turn to return the favor.
- You've always supported me, and now I have something to tell you.
You've been learning how to do a Special Appeal from Mirai-san, right?
You've been pranked!
You've been slacking off lately!
You've been the most incredible from the very start!
You've been working yourself to the bone since you planned that trip to Solvette.
You've both improved your stamina quite a bit.
You've both made great strides in your fitness.
You've come to accept your special ability of being able to perfectly imitate anyone, I take it?
You've come to accept your special ability of imitating anyone perfectly, I take it?
You've done it now!
You've done it now...
You've earned it.
you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat Like!
you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show you've ever seen, so look forward to it! Chouno Maika - #announcement #sorry #honeycat - Like! - Dear our fans, from Honey Cat - In exchange, we'll put on the hottest show
You've finally filled your binder.
You've got a good expression on, Ema.
You've got a lot of materials in here.
You've got a sense for this.
You've got a sparkle in your eye today, Ema.
You've got that right.
You've got that right. This was a miracle.
You've got the full support of the shopping district behind you!
You've got this! You can definitely jump!
You've got to hit him with your feelings head on.
You've got to hit him with your feelings head-on.
You've got us here to support you!
You've got us, too.
You've got what it takes.
You've helped me so much up until now because we're friends too.
You've made Dad proud of how impressive you've become!
- You've made use of the breakthrough you had at the Star Harmony Cup to polish Honey Cat even further.
You've monopolized the entire school's gossip.
You've read the books too?
You've really come a long way.
You've seen Nannothing yet!
You've stepped into it once before.
You've taken the first step in a new stage of your journey!
You've taken the first step of your new start!
You've won this round.
You view your fans as friends after all.
You view your fans as friends too, after all.
You wanna know?
You want my help?
You want to Aikatsu too?!
You want to build your own brand, don't you?
You want to emphasize the dress, do you not?
You want to have her follow me for a day?
You want to have her follow me for an entire day?
You went back to the old Karen there.
You went tightrope walking on your odyssey?!
You were a huge help.
You were all incredible, shining so wonderfully.
You were a super charismatic MC!
You were awake?
You were bequeathed a Jeweling Dress! That in itself is proof that your brilliance is genuine.
You were bequeathed with a Jeweling Dress! That in itself is proof that your brilliance is genuine.
You were certainly the right guests to invite.
You were chosen by the jewel.
You were close, Aine.
You were fantastic!
You were fantastic.
You were great!
You were great, Aine.
You were just having tons of fun.
You were more explosive than usual.
You were my lodestar.
You were never one to make many friends on your own.
You weren't?
You weren't able to draw out a hundred percent of Aine-chan's power.
You weren't able to draw out one hundred percent of Aine-chan's power.
You weren't perfectly synchronized, but you were still awesome!
You were right, Aine.
You were right, Mio.
You were right. Nobody's ever managed to beat Karen-san.
You were so dazzling singing next to me on that stage.
You were so good I want to scout you for the team!
You were so incredible I forgot to breathe.
- You were so sure about this when you invited me!
You were the best!
You were the one who said you'd improve as both an idol and lacrosse player.
You were truly shining.
You were unbelievable.
You were wonderful!
You what?!
"You, who are of one heart with your companion.
"You, who are of one heart with your companion." Friends!
You will be judged on how well you can act like you're floating on the surface of the moon.
You will be the guides of your own destiny.
You will not be disappointed.
You wish for a divination of what's important to Yuuki Aine?
You wish for me to divine what's important to Yuuki Aine?
You won't be able to stay together like before!
You won't be alone!
You won't escape!
You won't get past!
You worked so hard.
You worked yourself too hard.
You would need Best Friends Rare Dresses.
Yo yo, Mio! Why won't you go?
yume wa genjitsu ni naru Dreams will become a reality yume wa genjitsu ni naru Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo
yume wa genjitsu ni naru Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo Even if we must go our separate ways hanareru toki ga kitemo
Yup!
Yup.
Yup. A bad guy comes to take away all the Kirara Power, the energy born of idols, so my witch character and your fledgling idol need to work together to defeat him!
Yup! Just a sec.
Yuuki Aine!
Yuuki Aine - 54th Star Harmony Cup Entry Form - Friends Name - Year and Name - Short appeal - Pure Palette - Minato Mio - Yuuki Aine - We'll do our very best!
♪ YuukiAine ♪Ainechan ♪ beach ♪summervacation We're spending summer vacation at the beach! I'm with all of my role models too!
Yuuki Aine and Minato Mio?
Yuuki Aine and Minato Mio from Pure Palette have an announcement to make.
- Yuuki Aine and Minato Mio Overseas Excursion - Yuuki Aine and Minato Mio Overseas Excursion I would like to thank you all for taking the time to be here today.
- Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a breath-holding contest with a penguin - Views - 2 days ago - Yuuki Aine Official Channel - Yuuki Aine: I tried a
- Yuuki Aine Premium Rare Dress Debut Happiness For All Preorders Remaining ♪Sale of Day of Event tickets will be updated at a future time - Yuuki Aine Premium Rare Dress Debut Happiness For All Preorders Remaining ♪Sale of Day of Event tickets will be updated at a future time
Yuuki Aine-san, on set!
- Yuuki Aine's dream - Make one million friends - Accomplished - Become friends with everyone - In the world - Minato Mio - Wake up - School Idol activities Did you research that all yourself?
Yuuki Aine's sister Yuuki Momone-chan!
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine - Gather round! It's a big party for little friends - Gather round! - It's a big party for little friends I've got to say, making a children-only concert was an inspired decision.
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Goodbye everyone!!
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Got it.
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Minato Mio Minato Mio Minato Mio Wins Wins Wins Wins Pure Palette's 101 Battles!
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Showtime!
Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Yuuki Aine Be brilliant, my color!
Yuuki dashite konnichiwa!
Yuuki Kazune, Aine's brother.
Yuuki-san, can you help me next?
Y-Yeah.
Y-Yeah, like those!
Y-Yeah, sure.
Y-Yeah, uh...
Y-Yeah, we will.
Y-Yes?!
Y-Yes.
Y-Yes...
Y-Yes, I'll make myself comfortable.
Y-Yes. I was given a fright.
Y-You defeated me!
Y-You know, like Roman candles or firework missiles or sparklers!
Y-You're...
Y-You're...!
Y-You really don't need to...
Y-Your true i-identity is...
Y-You think so? But I...
Zero gravity?
Zero gravity is more difficult than I imagined.
Zero gravity is no problem for...
Zero gravity is nothing!
Zero gravity is really taxing.
Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no What a stunning show, captivating the hearts of the audience completely.
Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki When our two beams of light intersect futatsu no senkou ga kasanaru toki
Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Zodiac and destiny will change the future sain sadame mirai kimeru no Wow...
zutto motteta akogare A pure white canvas looks so inviting kono shiroi kyanbasu meippai A pure white canvas looks so inviting kono shiroi kyanbasu meippai A pure white canvas looks so inviting kono shiroi kyanbasu meippai And it's ours to design dezain shiyou yo And it's ours to design dezain shiyou yo
