1 + 1 ga mugen ni natteku wan tsuu surii foo no Magic dare mo ga mita koto no nai koukei mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu No matter how good they are, this couldn't have been easy.
1 2 3 de aikatsu!
1, 2, Sing! daisuki na uta ima utaou 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! daisuki na uta ima utaou 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud takusan no kagayaku egao ni Say Hello!
1, 2, Sing! daisuki na uta ima utaou 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud
1, 2, Sing! daisuki na uta ima utaou 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud takusan no kagayaku egao ni Say Hello!
1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite song and sing out loud 1, 2, Sing! Take your favorite
- 1 New Message - Koharu-chan - 1 New Message - Koharu-chan - 1 New Message - Koharu-chan - 1 New Message - Koharu-chan - 1 New Message - Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Dear Yume-chan - Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident
- 1 New Message - Tsubasa-senpai You wished to see me, Tsubasa-senpai?
2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama
- 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant Don't be!
2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant Isn't that a script for "Rise of a Flight Attendant"?
2019 Application Pamphlet Here come the applications from people all around the globe!
25th Generation S4 Members!
"25th Generation S4 Members! A Surprise Party to Welcome Your Return"?
- 25th Gen S4 Members Welcome Back Surprise Party!
25th Gen S4 Members Welcome Back Surprise Party!
27th Selection 27th Selection 27th Selection Meanwhile, I'm gonna end up on top of Dance Class and claim my third consecutive win!
- ~2 Weeks Later~
- ~2 Weeks Later~ - ~2 Weeks Later~
500 Question Fastest Finger Quiz 500 Question Fastest Finger Quiz 500 Question Fastest Finger Quiz End End End After the 500 question fastest finger quiz, only four participants remain.
936 177 l 932 165 l 914 163 l 905 172 l 900 187 l 901 196 l 903 204 l 891 199 l 872 233 l 821 232 Felicitai-tai! Felicitai-tai!
936 177 l 932 165 l 914 163 l 905 172 l 900 187 l 901 196 l 903 204 l 891 199 l 872 233 l 821 232 - LAURA - m 846 111 l 1033 113 l 1035 227 l 939 204 l 939 198 b 940 194 940 191 939 187 l 938 181 l
aa, daisuki mo daikirai mo Ah, all of my love and all of my hate aa, daisuki mo daikirai mo Are both part of who I really am zenbu honto no watashi nan da Are both part of who I really am zenbu honto no watashi nan da Are both part of who I really am
A-Again?
A-A ghost?!
A-Ako-chan?
A-All right.
A-And what is this supposed to be?
A-Animaling?
A-Animaru?
A-An ostrich?!
A-Anyway, let's board.
A-Are you all right?
A-Are you now?
A-Are you okay?
A-Aria-chan...
A-As for me, I greatly respect her as my Theater Class predecessor, but that doesn't explain the abruptness...
- A-As for me, I greatly respect her as my Theater Class predecessor, but that doesn't explain the suddenness...
A-As you can see, bouldering uses your entire body, so it's perfect if you want to get in shape.
A-A test?
Aa'ts fine, ah'm turning eighty-nahn.
A bagel? It looks delicious!
A bamboo sword is no mere tool—it is a blade.
A band?
A battle?
A battle? What kind of battle?
Abbreviated, it's "Rock! Rock Girls!" That's not an abbreviation!
A berry bush!
A big thank you to everyone who submitted.
A birthday cake, huh.
A bit more relaxed?
A blackout?
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aikatsu New Year!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet A Song Choc-full of Affection☆ A Song Choc-full of Affection☆ A Song Choc-full of Affection☆
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet A Song That's Mine A Song That's Mine A Song That's Mine - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 4
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Battle of the Kasumi Sisters!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Beyond the Rainbow Beyond the Rainbow Beyond the Rainbow Did I hear correctly?
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Burn! Star Captor Fest!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Chase the Princess Diamond!!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Exhilarating Christmas!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Fiery S4 Selection!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Four Star Academy in Dire Straits?!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Headlong Ako!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Premonitions of Spring ♪ Premonitions of Spring ♪ Premonitions of Spring ♪ Mahiru!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Stylish Girl Lesson Stylish Girl Lesson Stylish Girl Lesson Sakuraba-san's amazing!
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet The Chosen Stars The Chosen Stars The Chosen Stars Hime-senpai, you're really incredible.
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet The Greatest Performance☆ The Greatest Performance☆ The Greatest Performance☆ Delicious.
Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Two Childhood Friends Two Childhood Friends Two Childhood Friends Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Aboard the first-star bound star jet ichiban boshi ni nare star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet ichiban boshi ni nare star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet ichiban boshi ni nare star jet I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai I want to shine even brighter
Aboard the first-star bound star jet ichiban boshi ni nare star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet ichiban boshi ni nare star jet I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai And become my one and only star!
A bonfire?!
About appearing on Ako-chan's show?
About how much effort you put in every day.
About our song, I was thinking about doing a duet of your most recent one.
- About Spice Chord, I presume. Kisaragi has given me the details.
About the audition?
About the very interesting story we'll be doing next time...
About what?
Above all else, I'm grateful that you were able to get back at Venus Ark for us.
Above and beyond simply understanding the shop's draws, - but we must also be sincere in our appeals the reach the hearts of shoppers.
Abracadabra!
Abracadabra Bibidi Babidi Bu Aikatsu! Aikatsu Attack!
A brand audition.
A brand can only have one muse.
- Abroad in England Abroad in England Bestseller Bestseller Getting Better At English Also, a year's supply of high-quality domestic konbu!
Absolutely!
Absolutely.
Absolutely fantastic, Nijino-san!
Absolutely not.
Absorb everything you can...
A businessman from Russia is looking to create a new dress brand.
A button with no holes is impossible to thread.
Acacias flutter in the forests breath akashia yureru mori no kokyuu Draped in tulle woven with a sunlight pirouette komorebi no chuuru haottara piruetto Let loose memories deep in the forest kioku hodoku mori no oku Listen closely to the tiny delicate stories mimi wo sumashite chiisana monogatari Feel a chilly drop on your fingertip
Acacias flutter in the forest's breath akashia yureru mori no kokyuu Draped in tulle woven with sunlight, pirouette komorebi no chuuru haottara piruetto Feel a chilly drop on your fingertip tsumetai yubisaki hajiku doroppu Bring that sweet morning dew to your lips amai no asatsuyu no hitokuchi tte Now go out raspberry picking
A camera?
According to my analysis, all work and no play leaves you boring and featureless.
According to my analysis, all work and no play makes you shallow as a person.
According to my analysis, his improvements are due to a drastic change in his mental state.
According to my analysis, his improvements are the result of a drastic change in his mental state.
According to my analysis, their fan support and abilities are evenly matched.
According to my analysis, you formed a unit to cheer that girl up.
According to my brain database, And my Theater Class's Tsubasa-senpai is on site at Atami filming for a four hour special drama.
According to my brain database, the most efficient course of action is to begin with the mini-theater the teachers are waiting at.
According to my deductions, she is deep in thought.
According to my experience, treasures are found in caves.
According to my mental database, Beauty Class's Yozora-senpai's schedule is packed with shooting for a photo collection.
According to my mental database, the most efficient course of action is to begin with the small theater the teachers are waiting at.
According to my mental database, you can take the next local train for five stops.
According to my sources, your hobby is taking naps.
According to the information I dug up, they will be holding a Premium Rare Dress meeting today.
According to what I dug up, they will be holding a Premium Rare Dress meeting today.
Accursed Hanazono Kirara, just you wait!
A center will be chosen for each class.
A certain person recommended her admission to Four Star Academy.
A chainsaw?!
A chalkboard eraser?
A cheer for everyone's Aikatsu!
A Choclittle Affection in a Song.
A chocolate drink and chocolate ice cream!
A chocolate muffin and chocolate cookies!
A chocolate parfait!
Achoo!
A Christmas concert?
A Christmas event?
A Christmas event organized by Kira Kira City?
A Christmas event sponsored by Kira Kira City?
A Christmas party will grace these halls on Christmas Eve, courtesy of us admins.
a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend,
a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Our courage becomes a star
a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance
A competition is meaningless unless you win.
A complete failure.
A concept...
A condition?
A connection with the world at large.
a contract with another idol...
A cool and bitter black chocolate.
A cool, dark rock coord inspired by the streets of London with a ribbon on the breast to provide a cute contrast.
A coord that caught my eye?
A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best
A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai
A corner all my own...
A corner for me?
A crowd is starting to gather too.
A cruise liner appeared at our harbor.
Act confidently...
- Acting!
Acting!
Acting is a battle of stamina. Later.
Acting is surprisingly stressful.
Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging
Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging Now, let my heart fill with pride, so that I may take the stage!
Acting Judging Acting Judging Acting Judging To protect goodness with my life...
Action!
Actually...
Actually, about that...
Actually, didn't she say the sheep was from New Zealand?
Actually having to do it has made me painfully aware of how tough it was on you.
Actually, I already have an audition in mind that I really want to try for.
Actually, I really love the idol Sakuraba Laura-chan.
Actually, I've decided to do everything I can to be the next Beauty Class S4 member.
Actually, we both ended up bringing bouquets for our own show...
Actually, we both ended up bringing bouquets to our own show...
Actually, we have a big meet coming up.
Actually, we have a really big meet coming up.
Actually, we haven't quite put the finishing touches on it yet.
Actually, why all this?
Actually, why are you doing this?
Actually, Yume-chan, didn't you just have pancakes at the cafeteria?
Actually, Yume-chan, I'm invested in this for a slightly different reason.
Act with more emotion.
Act with... Yozora-senpai...
A cute coord might be nice too.
A cute little idol has come to brighten your day.
A cute look might be nice too.
a cut of Elza beef.
A day in Elza Forte's world.
A Day in the Life of Shiratori Hime!
A Day in the Life of Shiratori Hime.
A day in the world of Elza Forte.
- A day off with the Kasumi family.
Add a new dish to the Ko-cafe menu!
Add a New Dish to the Ko-cafe Menu!
Additionally, the points you earn at this event have a large effect on your Aikatsu Ranking.
A decadent respite.
A declaration of war?
A declaration of war?!
A designer I greatly respect once said: "Endowments are what we are born with.
A destinationless ship is far too dangerous.
A display for me?
Ad-lib?! I-I'm not prepared!
Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1
Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 With Yuri-senpai and Lily-senpai graduating, I should've stayed here to help you out.
Admin Records Song Class Records 2 Admin Song Class Records 4 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 Admin Records 1 And it's so detailed!
Admins...
Admins... that wasn't on my radar at all.
Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more
Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo Dream over dream, one step at a time,
Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand I just can't stand and watch!
Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Nijino-san!
Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku
admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand
admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku
Admiration leads to more admiration.
A dolphin riding a star...
Adorable!
A double muse...
A downpour and gale whip across your face, blocking the sight of everything ahead.
A downpour whips across your face, blocking the sight of everything ahead.
A dramatic idol Ako As an actress, I'll sweep the entire awards circuit and become an idol who brings dramas to the forefront of Aikatsu.
A dramatist once said, "Throw away your books, rally in the streets." It's just as he said!
A drama with S4! I'm not gonna miss that!
A drama with S4! I wanna see it right now!
A dream?
A dream...
A Dream That Can't Be Taken A Dream That Can't Be Taken I'm shivering.
A dress all my own!
A dress I wish to wear from the bottom of my heart.
A dress strengthens me.
A dress to bring a smile to your face, the Tropical Beach Coord.
A dress to make people smile.
A dress to match the stadium stage...
Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute
Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Something like this?
Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute Adult cute That's it!
Adult cute. I like it!
Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance Advance. A theme fit to begin the new year with.
Advance. It feels perfect for the new year.
Advance, Yuzukoshou!
Advance! Yuzukoshou!
Advenka...
Advenkatsu!
Advenkatsu! Advenkatsu! Advenkatsu!
Adventure pros...
a e r u k i s e k i B e h i n d e v e r y p a g e I t u r n l i e s a f e e l i n g I v e n e v e r
A fashionable design made with fashionable materials.
A felicitai...
Affirmative!
A field of flowers?
A fight?
a fire must be lit in my heart.
A fire must be lit in my heart.
A flashier performance, perhaps?
A fluffy texture that's light, sweet, and white!
A fortune-telling hut.
A frail constitution and lives at the plateau...
A friend by the name of rival.
A frog! I'm so sorry!
After admiring Hime-senpai all this time, you're finally going up against her.
- After admiring Hime-senpai for all this time, you're finally going up against her.
After a full search of my mental database, the results show that it must be the Perfectionist's Meticulous Lesson!
After a full search through my mental database, your ideal column is the Perfectionist's Meticulous Lesson!
After all, if I had been the one to discover Miranda in distress, I would have done the same as you.
After all, it'll be the last Christmas we can be together.
After all, it was only thanks to my friends that I was able to shine my brightest in S4 this past year.
After all, it was only thanks to my friends that I was able to sparkle my brightest in S4 this past year.
After all, nobody knows how the next S4 will turn out.
After all, she must be lonely by herself.
After all this time, the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is under way.
After all, you can't write a story alone.
After an impassioned fight, Kasumi Mahiru-chan emerged on top.
After a short break we'll film the commercial proper.
After a ten minute break, we will begin the judging.
After bathing in the radiance of Elza-san's Star Premium Rare Coord, Laura and I once again learned the value of dresses.
After explaining what their brand is about, they'll demonstrate it with a performance.
After going through the trouble of recording it.
After I beat her at the S4 Selection and inherited Romance Kiss and her place in S4, I've been working hard not to bring shame to either one.
After I lost to Hime-senpai last year, this is where I cried my eyes out.
After I saw Elza-chan perform last year, I did Aikatsu around the world in search of what I was missing.
After just one look at the hedgehog in the petting zoo...
After knowledge, none other than your stamina shall be tested.
After my concert ended, I suddenly got really hungry.
After my graduation from Four Star Academy, I will leaving to study in France.
After our strategic retreat we should consult the headmaster.
After seeing everything, this really is a lovely apartment.
After seeing this I'm even more impressed that you're able to host a children's show.
After seeing your wings unfurl, I can imagine you flying away at any moment!
- After that day, I knew I would have to tell eventually.
After that, I'll guest-star in Hime-senpai's show with Aria-chan.
After that is guest-starring in Hime-senpai's show with Aria-chan.
After that is straight into the cooking segment, so please get ready.
After that, it became so much more fun to sing!
After that, I trained like my life depended on it.
After that, she enrolled at Venus Ark.
After that, she enrolled in Venus Ark.
After that, we celebrated another year of Aikatsu Island.
After that, we headed to another year of Aikatsu Island.
After that, you give some specific thoughts about it.
After that, you give specific thoughts on it.
- After the CM, more insane challenges!!
- After the CM, more insane challenges!! - After the CM, more insane challenges!!
After the schoolwide assembly, you are to come see me privately.
After this commercial, we will be moving to physical education.
After this they're going to record Elza-sama's performance.
After Tsubasa-san makes her jump and comes here, please say your final line.
After watching the preliminary round, we decided to form a unit too!
After we learn our foundations as trainee students, we can take the class determination audition.
After we learn our foundations as trainees, we can take the class sorting audition.
After Winter Fest, the S4 Selection will be almost upon us.
After witnessing it...
After yesterday...
After you make it up...
Again! Again!
Again, from the start!
Again, with what said?!
A genius is his own downfall.
A German poet once said: "The best way to learn is to teach." Lily-senpai!
A goal?
A goal...
A goal of my own...
Agreed.
Agreed...
Agreed! We'll give it the perfect publicity too.
A greenhorn like you should just go back to the sea!
A group of female thieves who catches their prey without fail.
A guest appearance? You want me?
Aha.
A hair's breadth victory!
Ah! Ako-chan, wait up!
A halftime show...
A half-year hiatus should put most idols at a huge disadvantage.
A half-year hiatus would put most idols at a huge disadvantage.
Ah, all of my love and all of my hate aa, daisuki mo daikirai mo Ah, all of my love and all of my hate aa, daisuki mo daikirai mo Ah, all of my love and all of my hate aa, daisuki mo daikirai mo Ah, all of my love and all of my hate
Ah... all of my love and all of my hate aa... daisuki mo daikirai mo Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am
Ah... all of my love and all of my hate Ah... all of my love and all of my hate Ah... all of my love and all of my hate Ah... all of my love and all of my hate Ah... all of my love and all of my hate
Aha, so this is what you went out to buy earlier.
Aha. So this is what you went out to buy earlier.
Ah! Caro-tan, you caaan't eat that!
- Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead
A helicopter?
Ah, Elza-sama!
Ah, geez! Just eat already!
Ah, good morning!
Ahh, this is heavenly.
Ah, I'm in heaven.
A hint of bitterness with notes of sweetness.
Ah, it's her!
Ah, it's Nijino-senpai!
Ah, it's Yume-chan!
Ah, I've got it!
Ah'll be turning eighty-nahn.
Ah, look!
Ah... man it's insanely hot out.
Ah, no! You can't!
Ah, okay! Just a moment!
Ah, okay! Right away!
Ah, okay! We're coming!
A horrifying punishment awaits those who fail!
Ah, right.
Ah, right, didn't we get a mountain of homework today?
Ah, right. Don't we have a mountain of homework today?
Ah, she's playing!
Ah, sorry. I was just so happy to see you.
Ah, that candy...
Ah, to be young...
A huge show?
A huge stage!
A human house? Could she be in there?
Ah, well...
Ah, yes!
Ah yes, ah'm turning eighty-nahn.
Ah... yes, I'm surprised.
Ah, you're a kitty! So adorable!
Ai...
Aikachu is very fun!
Ai... katsu!
Aikatsu!
Aikatsu?
Aikatsu.
Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Aikatsu. Aikatsu.
Aikatsu, Aikatsu, Aikatsu.
Aikatsu, Aikatsu, Aikatsu...
Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Aikatsu. Aikatsu. Aikatsu.
- Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All
- Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together Take one.
Aikatsu beyond perfection is our only ray of hope!
Aikatsu in Love.
Aikatsu in Love ♪ Aikatsu in Love ♪ Aikatsu in Love ♪ Recording Let's move on to the next question.
Aikatsu is fun. Would you like to Aikatsu with me?
Aikatsu Island!
Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement It's finally time to open Aikatsu Island.
Aikatsu Island is back again this year!
Aikatsu Island is coming back again this year, so we can go together!
Aikatsu Island is generating so much hype!
Aikatsu Island was held once again this year on a tropical island.
Aikatsu is more fun the more you do!
Aikatsu is more fun together than alone.
Aikatsu isn't all fun and games— Once in a while there are sad times too.
Aikatsu is so much fun I can't contain my excitement!
Aikatsu is so much fun! I love it!
Aikatsu is unforgiving.
Aikatsu katsu-katsu-ka... I slipped up!
- Aikatsu katsu-katsu three katsu-katsu.
Aikatsu katsu-katsu three katsu-katsu.
Aikatsu katsu-katsu three katsu-katsu. Put it together and Aikatsu six katsu-katsu.
Aikatsu like this is nice every once in a while.
Aikatsu Mini-News!
Aikatsu News!
Aikatsu New Year!
Aikatsu New Year.
Aikatsu Ranking?
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking The Aikatsu Ranking!
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Yanagawa Mio - Yanagawa Mio - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Ashley Kiyomi - Ashley Kiyomi When did you do that?
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking You get points for doing specific events and performances over an entire year.
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Elza Forte Elza Forte Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Jasmine T.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Jasmine T. - Jasmine T.
- Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking Elza Forte Elza Forte Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Jasmine T.
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Elza Forte Elza Forte Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Whoa, look at Yume's rank!
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Elza Forte Elza Forte Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Futaba Aria Futaba Aria She's second after Elza.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament Final Tournament Bracket Drawing Bracket Drawing Wait.
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament Final Tournament Every four years, this Final Tournament is held to determine who the greatest idol is.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament I will be your host this year!
Aikatsu! Ranking Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Final Tournament The Final Tournament is the ultimate competition to decide who tops the Aikatsu Ranking at the end of the year!
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament Final Tournament This tournament is being broadcast worldwide.
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Giselle Sylpheed Giselle Sylpheed Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Motomiya Shana Motomiya Shana Nakatani Moko Nakatani Moko Ikusa Carina Ikusa Carina The points from yesterday's fashion show got registered, so I rose to a higher rank.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura For me to keep a firm grip on first...
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Jasmine T.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Jasmine T. - Jasmine T.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Last-Minute Live!
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking Last-Minute Live!
- Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking
- Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume If we fail to act, all of our students dreaming of becoming idols will be lured to Venus Ark.
Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking You're naive, Yume Nijino.
- Aikatsu Ranking - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - J.J. Erika - J.J. Erika - Margaret S.
Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament
Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament Aikatsu! Ranking Final Tournament It will be an intense battle for the top
"Aikatsu Ranking: Last-Minute Live"?
- Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages -
Aikatsu Ranking The Aikatsu Ranking!
Aikatsu really is so intriguing.
Aikatsu rock-paper-scissors shoot!
Aikatsu Stars! Go Go Start Campaign!
Aikatsu starts with Aikatsu!!
Aikatsu Style Girls presents...
- Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu
Aikatsu while eating?
Aim for world debut!
Aiming for a new dream, Nijino Yume's about to start her Aikatsu!
Aim to be the first star mezase ichibanboshi These two years passed by in a flash.
Aira Futaba! Come to Venus Ark!
Air Conditioner Under Repair We are fixing it as quickly as possible Four Star Academy Ah... man, it's insanely hot out.
A Japanese lucky item you use when you wanna get serious!
A Japanese tradition in which we throw beans in order to cleanse evil.
A job well done, Katsura-senpai.
Akari-chan.
Akari-chan, Sumire-chan, and Hinaki-chan, right?
Akari-chan, Sumire-chan, Hinaki-chan, One day... one day, together for sure!
Akari-chan taught it to me!
Akari-chan, what kind of sky is above us today?
Akari-chan?! You know her?
Akashi Saya Akashi Saya Akashi Saya But you know, - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri I was still elected somehow.
Akashi Saya, also a second-year admin of Dance Class.
aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah
aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky
aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto
aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me
aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte Hold me tightly Hold me tightly gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo
akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories
akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou
Ako?
Ako?!
Ako.
- Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako
- Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality
Ako! Ako! Ako-meow!
Ako and Koharu did too.
Ako-chan!
Ako-chan?
Ako-chan.
Ako-chan...
Ako-chan agreed to join this unit in exchange for info on Subarucchi.
Ako-chan? Ako-chan!
- Ako-chan - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Ako-chan - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Ako-chan - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Ako-chan - Ako-chan This is a traditional roast pork dish from Denmark, flæskesteg.
Ako-chan and Kirara-chan participated in the Kira Kira Unit Cup.
- Ako-chan, are you here?
Ako-chan, are you in?
- Ako-chan, are you inside?
Ako-chan, don't pressure me like that.
Ako-chan gets the Active Girl Coord.
Ako-chan has taken her deeply desired S in hand at long last!
Ako-chan, hurry up!
Ako-chan, I'm going to get some fresh air.
Ako-chan, I need a once-in-a-lifetime favor.
Ako-chan, I need a retake on that last scene!
Ako-chan is cute as usual!
Ako-chan is great!
Ako-chan is so cute.
Ako-chan is Theater Class's center.
Ako-chan, it's too early to cry.
Ako-chan, I watch your drama!
Ako-chan just called me!
Ako-chan just called me, and she's kind of in trouble.
Ako-chan just found her second S here at the CD shop!
Ako-chan, let's have another...
Ako-chan, let's watch together!
Ako-chan, look here.
Ako-chan, look up! There's a helicopter!
Ako-chan made them last night.
Ako-chan revived!
Ako-chan's?
Ako-chan's as cute as always.
Ako-chan's as cute as ever.
Ako-chan's as cute as I remember.
Ako-chan's favorite thing?
Ako-chan, sorry to keep you!
- Ako-chan's Theater Class's center.
- Ako-chan's the center of Theater Class.
Ako-chan's up!
Ako-chan, that was a great performance!
Ako-chan! That was a great show!
Ako-chan told me about it!
Ako-chan tried her hardest in Theater Class, but couldn't beat Tsubasa-senpai.
Ako-chan tried her hardest in Theater Class, but she couldn't beat Tsubasa-senpai.
Ako-chan was great!
Ako-chan was putting on a brave face for us.
Ako-chan! We came!
Ako-chan, we should go too!
Ako-chan, what're you looking at?
Ako-chan, you can do it!
Ako-chan, your acting was really awesome.
Ako-chan, your costume's so cute!
Ako-chan, you're amazing!
Ako-chan, you're here!
Ako-chan, you're so cute!
Ako-chan, you're so cute.
Ako-chan, you're the best!
Ako-chan, your face is all scrunched up.
Ako felt a hundred times more powerful than usual.
Akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more admiration, and this is where I stand Admiration always leads to more
Akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai honki no kimo wo matteru Dreams come true!
Akogare wa tsugi no akogare wo umu watashi wa koko da yo Hey, what do you intend to do?
Ako is our math teacher?!
Ako, it's okay.
Ako kitty?
Ako Life Plan Become the first idol in history to sweep actress awards circuit Be with Subaru-kyun as lead actor and actress in movie Use our production as stepping stone and get married to Subaru-kyun Hold wedding and honeymoon in Hawaii m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Ako - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu
Ako must have been distraught over which show to do.
Ako Nyan-Nyan!
- Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 On today's show, we got to observe a shoebill, a bird famous for keeping totally still.
- Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Everyone, gather round!! - Everyone, gather round!!
- Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 Finally!
Ako Nyan x2 Ako Nyan x2 First off, there may be children who don't want to follow your instructions, but you must always be nice to them.
Ako, right?
Ako says she's in.
Ako's doing latte art... what are you planning to draw?
Ako-sensei, please give us the best math lesson you can!
Ako! Why didn't you contact me?
Ako, you'll be announcing your own brand soon, right?
Ako, you're too nervous!
A Lady of the Monaco royal family, Yukie Grace Forte, has made a sudden appearance in Japan.
Alan!
Alan, it's supper time.
Alan went missing.
A large audience...
Alas, I cannot bring myself to ask Subaru-kyun about his plans...
A legendary event?
A legend! Yes!
Alice.
Alice...
Alice Carroll?
- Alice Carroll - Origin: France - Venus Ark Enrollment - Middle School - Enrollment I had been certain that Alice would never shine again, yet in spite of that...
Alice Carroll requests the right to board Neo Venus Ark.
Alice-chan!
Alice-chan?
Alice-chan, are you okay?
Alice, your last job is to escort them.
A list of places Katsura-senpai and the admins gave me before.
A little.
A little more right.
Alkatsu! Aikatsu!
All aboard!
All better now?
All by herself...
All deckhands are to capture the intruder.
All five of us...
All five of you will be going on together, right?
All four of them are already spoken for.
All Four Star Academy students are welcome to participate.
All hands are to capture the intruder.
All I can be certain of is that it is not you.
All I can do is believe in myself!
All I can do is perform without any regrets.
All I could do...
All I did was apply makeup that I thought would look nice.
- All I did was win a rock-paper-scissors contest.
All I did was win a rock-paper-scissors contest though.
All I must do now is reign over the Aikatsu Ranking with this dress.
All I need is a big performance!
All I need to do is perform as I always do.
All I need to do is perform as usual.
All I need to do now is put this year of emotions into song!
All is lost...
All I thought about was how I could refine myself.
All I wanted was to assist Yume-chan.
All my muscles ache...
All my work is going well, and I'm improving every lesson. Still...
All nine have been gathered!
All officers, report your status.
All of Haruka's luggage!
All of my fans who have supported me, the members of S4, and Four Star Academy's teachers and staff...
All of nature is rejoicing!
All of our customers here will surely enjoy it.
All of our feelings can be sweet soda donna omoi mo amai sooda de shuwa shuwa shite kuru kuru shitara hello sister say!
All of our feelings wrap it up with a smile donna omoi mo egao de rappingu Tie up a ribbon and cherish it, hello sister say!
All of our problems would be solved!
All of our senpai are doubling down on their Aikatsu for the S4 Selection.
All of our surroundings have darkened, so even the smallest stars are visible!
All of S4's and Laura's and your fans gathered here for you.
All of the audience left with big smiles.
All of the cast and staff will be positions will be held by students.
All of the little kids seem to love it.
All of them are from Venus Ark applicants.
All of them are making efforts to surpass us.
All of them are making the effort to surpass us.
All of them at once!
All of them had their own views of what to do with show dancers, right?
All of the past S4's dresses and stages are preserved here.
All of these are applications from prospective students!
All of these are filled with Valentine's chocolate the fans have sent for M4!
All of these backstage positions and more will be entirely filled by students.
All of these letters are the same too.
All of the strawberries adorning the dress make it feel like a fruit party!
All of the students pay no attention to current trends, and view their classmates as enemies in the fight for the best grades.
All of this.
All of this...
All of this is for Nijino's sake.
All of those sounds make up the rhythms of nature.
All of us are supposed to put on some sort of show in pairs.
All of us have only just entered this school, so seeing her jump right into an external audition really moved me.
All of you are idols too?
All of your experiences are reflected in your radiance.
All our fans are arguing?
Allow me, Saotome Ako, to take the lead!
Allow me, Saotome Ako, to volunteer...
Allow me to accompany you.
Allow me to explain the basic premise.
Allow me to go first!
Allow me to introduce the legendary director himself.
Allow me to introduce the super businessman from Russia, Mister Piroshenko!
Allow me to introduce today's guests.
Allow me to learn you how to get your hands on some special Grade-up Glitter!
Allow me to partake in the viewing of your gallant display.
Allow me to personally thank you all for your heartfelt support over the past four days.
Allow me to recite from the Les Propheties of Nostradamus next.
Allow me to run another full scan of my brain database.
Allow me to run another full scan of my mental database.
Allow me to simply observe.
Allow me to thank you for this opportunity.
Allow me to thank you on behalf of Dance Class.
Allow your feelings to erupt upon the stage!
All participants were told about the strict timetable. We have no choice.
All potential idols begin like one of these pebbles.
All prepped and ready?
All right!
All right.
All right, come on out.
All right. Come on out.
All right! Down with S4!
All right! Everyone, I'll be counting on you!
All right, finished!
All right, firstly...
All right, here's why I called this meeting.
All right! How does S jumbo ribbon sound?
All right, I'd better eat up to prep for tomorrow!
All right, I'll do it.
All right, I'll go check it out.
All right! I'll start with ten kilometers per hour.
All right, I'll take care of it.
All right. I'll take you up on the offer.
All right! I'm definitely gonna win!
All right, I'm gonna buckle down too!
All right! I'm gonna find all seven and wish for a strong sense of individuality!
All right! I'm gonna find all seven and wish to become someone with a strong individuality!
All right! I'm gonna find out what my individuality is!
All right, I'm gonna net a big one!
All right! I'm gonna shine my heart out!
All right, I'm hyped up!
All right! I'm in the mood for some more pranks!
All right, I wanna help out with your Aikatsu.
All right, I won't be behind for long!
All right, Koharu-chan. I'll leave this in your hands.
All right, let's all enter together!
All right, let's get it up in one fell swoop!
All right, let's get this going!
All right! Let's go and train!
All right, let's go for another lap around campus!
All right! Let's go for some tea, Laura!
All right! Let's go swimming!
All right, let's meet up at the venue entrance.
All right, let's pick the pairs!
All right, let's push even harder!
All right, one more time.
All right, one more try!
All right, see you after!
All right, take off the blindfold.
All right, ten minutes left now.
All right, that means it's time for me to step it up!
All right, that's done. Let's take a break.
All right, that settles it!
All right, that should do for a warmup.
All right! That's three out of three for the audition!
All right, that's worth one chocolate.
All right, Theater Class is up next.
All right, the lineup is set.
All right then, after such a fun drama the next best way to start the year is with the first song!
All right then! After that fun drama, it's time for the first song of the year!
All right then. If this is your decision, then I'm behind you all the way.
All right, then. If you're this determined, I'll be behind you all the way.
All right, then I'll be...
All right, we'll just have to tighten our own!
All right! We'll make this happen no matter what!
All right, we're changing the program!
All right, you got it.
All right, you two—I mean, ladies, let's clean up!
all round the world sekai juu ga kanaderu kaanibaru It's a carnival resounding all round the world sekai juu ga kanaderu kaanibaru Let's all dance to the rhythm rizumu ni awasete maiodorou Let's all dance to the rhythm rizumu ni awasete maiodorou We've already known since so long ago donna suteppu fumeba ii no ka wa
All set.
All set? Let's go!
All so I could meet you.
All students of Four Star Academy are welcome.
All students of Venus Ark must constantly be at the top level in everything under the sun.
All that exists is the path you believed in.
All that exists is the path you believe in.
All that is left is considering the best way to debut it to the public.
All that is left is to find the ideal way to debut it.
All that remains in my heart is merci, my feelings of gratitude.
All that remains is for you to put on the greatest show you can.
All that remains is to test your luck.
All that remains to be tested is your luck.
All that's left are the finishing touches.
All that's left is Elza Forte and a handful of students.
All that's left is Elza Forte herself and a handful of students.
All that's left is English.
All that's left is our performance.
All that's left is the final straightaway!
All that's left is the singing segment.
All that's left is to bust our butts on stage!
All that's left is to get on it!
All that's left is to report on the concert this evening, and we're done.
- All that studying gave me confidence...
All that stuff about some kind of power is over my head.
All that was on my mind was to improve myself.
All the children were cheering hard.
All the conditions for the Sun Dress to appear have been met.
All the conditions for the Sun Dress to descend have been met.
All the girls did very well during today's performances.
All the hard work to get into Song Class was worth it!
All the likely venues are already filled up, including the Academy.
All the little kids look enthralled!
All the more to look forward to.
All the other first-years are finding opportunities here and there to show off their appeal for the Election.
All these different thing had filled me with anxiety, and I was lost about where to go.
All these people helped build the stage I'll stand on today.
All the students at Four Star will have to wear them!
All the students of Four Star will have to wear them!
All the tickets got sold out within a minute!
All the times I beat you might've been because of that strange power and not my own ability.
All the trainees need to change into their uniforms and gather in the auditorium.
All the trainees need to change into their uniforms and gather in the concert hall.
All the upperclassmen are going to be watching, so we need to choose carefully.
All the weird scribbles and readings for the kanji written in?
All those who harbor passionate emotions...
All those who will not be doing Aikatsu off campus this afternoon are to gather at the field in comfortable clothing.
All three Venus Ark exchange students now have their own brands.
All tickling...
All to bring a single performance together!
All together!
All together... Aikatsu!
All together now!
All we ask is for you to enjoy the New Year spirit.
All we can do is fill up on energy and get back at it.
All we have left is the singing segment.
All we have to do is cover for one another's deficiencies and guide the students together.
All you girls need to do is focus on your Aikatsu!
All you need to do is carve your own path for you yourself.
All you need to do is give back everything you receive.
All you need to do is give back what you receive.
All your hard work paid off, so at least look a little happy.
All your worrying helped to make the ultimate Yume dress!
All Yuzu's ad libbing!
Almost as if she were the moon...
Almost done getting ready, everyone?
Almost done over here.
Almost like I wasn't myself.
Almost ready?
Almost there!
Almost there.
A lone butterfly learns to fly and will one day become the wind A lone butterfly learns to fly and will one day become the wind You have my gratitude.
Along with a hawk and what third thing, is said to bring good luck in your first dream of the year?
Along with Shirogane Lily.
Along with the hawk, what is the third thing that brings good luck in your first dream of the year?
A loser must descend from the stage with grace.
A lot of effort was put into the production.
A lot of fans of Shiny Smile have come to watch.
A lot of people came together to see you off.
- A lot of tough decisions stand in your way, but when you make the perfect dress, the feeling is incomparable.
A lot's happened to her.
Already done.
Also...
Also, as I'm sure you've noticed, Kizaki Rei-san is unfortunately unable to join us today.
Also a Song Class admin, Shirogane Lily.
Also, could you look at this?
Also, I believe you brought those shoes from home?
Also, I keep treating Ako-chan to cake in exchange for teaching me her MC tricks, but I end up eating it with her...
Also known as...
Also known as Perfect Elza.
Also, the most important thing when singing in a group is to match your breathing and feelings.
Also, the most important thing when singing in a group is to sync your breathing and feelings.
Also, those fluffies on your dress...
Also, what's a "tundra"?
Also, you need to focus on your expressions as a way of conveying character.
Also, Yume Nijino.
Although I am ashamed to admit it, I went a bit overboard last year.
Although I do feel bad...
Although I feel bad...
Although I honestly feel a bit conflicted saying that.
Although, I must admit that she was so fantastic I couldn't care less about the outcome.
- Although it's still unrefined, you have a latent talent.
Although it's still unrefined, you have great potential talent.
Although I wonder if the same can be said of the Star Premium Rare Coords.
Although that is only if you can promise not to cry in fright.
Although there are those who push us boukyaku no hou e Although there are those who push us boukyaku no hou e Ever toward oblivion saraou to suru mono Ever toward oblivion saraou to suru mono I will not allow them to take you captive fuuin sareru no wa yurusanai
- Although there is no break in our work, so we do not have any time off.
Although there's no guarantee it'll work out...
Although we are not yet worthy...
Although, which road they choose to follow is up to them.
Always?
Always at One Hundred Percent!
Always strive to improve yourself.
A magazine I read coincidentally had an interview with him.
A matter of feelings...
Amazake and Tears and Amazake and Tears and Men and Women Men and Women Enka Series Enka Series Amazake and Tears and Men and Women?
Amazing!
Amazing...
Amazing! I could see Marissa's magnificent castle so clearly.
"Amazing Idol Fes".
Amazing, she's climbing the stairs while fending off the candy barrage!
Amazing! She's climbing the stairs while fending off the candy barrage!
Amazing, this is all thanks to Anna-sensei's training!
Amazing work!
Amazing, yeah!
Amazing... you're amazing, Laura!
Amazing, Yume... you get me going!
"Ambitions can never be fulfilled.
A melody is born!
A member of S4 and the top of Theater Class, Tsubasa-senpai is a star of both the stage and TV.
A member of the volleyball club in elementary school, and your parents run a confectionery shop.
America Rep America Rep America Rep Finland Rep Finland Rep Finland Rep New Zealand Rep New Zealand Rep New Zealand Rep Monaco Rep Monaco Rep Monaco Rep France Rep France Rep France Rep It doesn't look like an easy road.
Am I already too far behind?
Am I being overbearing trying to change her?
Am I being too forceful?
Am I clear, Saotome?
Am I going to be performing in Fall Fest too?
Am I gonna make it?
A mini-album?
A miracle?
A miraculous dress rivaling the Sun Dress that only the chosen ones may wear!
Am I really allowed to wish for more?
Am I really in a slump?!
Am I right?
Am I wrong?
A moment.
A moment, Mahiru. How long are you planning to take?
Among everyone in S4, you have the most contagious smile...
Among them, Nijino-san and Shiratori-san blossomed into particularly large blooms.
A moon for the night sky!
A more flashy performance, perhaps?
A mountain?!
- A multimillionaire from Russia held an audition to find a designer for a new brand.
- A multi-millionaire from Russia sponsored an audition to find a designer for a new brand.
A musical period drama? But isn't that...
Amy gets a bandana.
Amy, it looks like you have faintly pink cheeks.
Amy, your cheeks have a faint natural pink.
An alien next!
An apology isn't going to fix anything at this point.
An apprentice witch!
An aptitude test?
An art?
An as of yet unreleased brand contacted me with an offer to be their representative!
anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou Please listen to the music I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni In the palm of the hand you extend,
An audition?
An audition to make a brand.
And about Koharu-chan too!
And a final pose!
- And after entrusting myself too much to my power, it finally took my song away.
And after relying on it one too many times, the power finally took my song away.
- And after relying on it one too many times, the power finally took my voice away.
And after that, none of you were able to say anything to Laura?
And after you went through the trouble of helping me relax...
And Ako-chan, you were called to make a guest appearance for a late night drama.
And Ako did the most work on the Koharu doll too.
And all of them together!
And all this after I promised that I'd find an answer...
And all this after I resolved myself to find an answer...
And all you read is sci-fi!
And also...
And also, if you put salt onto a watermelon, then it tastes even sweeter!
And also, I'm sure Laura's working hard as we speak.
And also luck?
And also, seeing someone you care about smile makes you happy too.
And also, thanks for helping me out with the cheering.
And also, that's not even the scariest part...
And also, the valley with a constant refreshing breeze was actually carved out by a glacier.
And also... to say goodbye.
And always off in your own world.
And amongst them all, FuwaFuwa Dream was the best.
And anyway, what kind of person is a diva?
And Aoyama Naho.
And aren't these just milk cartons rolled up to look like candy?
And aren't these milk cartons rolled up to look like candy?
And are you going to participate?
And Aria-chan gave me a love of cooking!
And around the area are a number of locations famous for their beauty.
And as a result of the lottery, I was chosen to play the leading role.
And as his first job...
And as I did, I even surprised myself by getting the Sun Dress!
And as is tradition, Four Star Academy's first-years will star in its halftime show.
And at last I obtained the Sun Dress.
And at one of them, Elza-san finally obtained the Sun Dress that she longed for.
And at such a crucial time...
And be a flower you can't miss hana ni naru kara - Fly over flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss - oide hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu - Fly over flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss - oide hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu - Even if all the flowers of the city tempt you - machijuu no hana ga yondemo
And because it's so important, I was thinking about using this.
And because the snacks after a hard day's Aikatsu taste especially sweet.
And because the snacks after a hard-day's Aikatsu taste especially sweet.
And become my one and only star!
and become the first-star idol one day!
And besides, when you put salt on watermelon, it tastes even sweeter!
And be the brighest-shining first-star.
And be the most brightly shining first-star.
And beyond the dress itself, I want to make the event really pop!
And break through the storm!
And by the way, I'm staying here.
And by the way, it was only one ticket for me.
And come back to the show as a guest sometime. We're always behind you.
And come back to the show as a guest sometime. We want to support you.
And come on, stop hanging off me, Yume.
And considering Yuzu's the president, it must be twice as hard.
And cute!
And cut! Okay, very nice!
And cut! We're good!
And definitely not how she's unexpectedly resolute!
And despite realizing that, we were bound by our pride of Dance Class.
And done!
And don't forget to watch the live broadcast of my special event tonight.
- And don't worry, I made it nonsugar because it's night.
And don't you still love FuwaFuwa Dream as much as I do?
And don't you still love FuwaFuwa Dream as much as I do even now?
And down.
And due to their opposite colors, they drew out the best in each other's dresses.
And each time, you grew stronger.
And endured hardships that at times made us cry.
And eternal rivals.
- And every single one of the three days was a blast.
And every time a bug went around, she'd be sure to catch it.
And every time a bug went around she'd catch it.
And every time a bug went around, she'd catch it.
And exactly because she is special...
And excite me to no end and excite me to no end Today we celebrate.
And finally...
And finally, even if a child might act naughty, you should never get angry with them.
And finally, the architect behind their transformations and a popular idol herself, Kasumi Mahiru.
And finally, the last acceptant is...
And finally, the popular idol who transformed the three of them, Adult and powerful... it was truly a stage befitting you, Mahiru.
And finally, the top scorer of Beauty Class.
And finally, this one has your name on it.
And finishing off the fourth day will be Song Class.
And for Dance Class...
And for dessert, Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito Sherbet!
And for dessert is Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito Sherbet!
And for Elza-sama, I have prepared carrot potage.
And for her performance.
And for Koharu-san, a marguerite.
And for me, that means to shine for Elza alone.
And for some reason, it feels really lighthearted.
And for some reason, it feels so lighthearted.
And for your information, it's bodyguard.
And for your information, the girl who won and became the Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito Campaign Girl last year was...
And for your information, the girl who won last year to become the Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito Campaign Girl was...
And from now on, Koharu-chan's back with us.
And from where I stand today...
And get the candy!
And getting a Premium Rare Dress.
And gloriously taking first: Sakuraba Laura!
And, go!
And grapes too!
And hearing how polished they want this show to be makes me feel really invested.
And hearing how we're trying to make this a high quality show makes me feel really invested.
And here I thought Kirara's message got through to you.
And here I thought you already understood.
And here I thought you understood that already.
And here I was planning to eat your share too, Laura.
And here she is!
And her gaze isn't budging an inch!
And her posture is rock solid!
And her presence was something else.
And her revival concert is tomorrow.
And her revival concert will be held tomorrow.
And her's was the last of the Star Wings.
And hers was the last of the Star Wings.
And hit!
And hit.
And hopefully that'll give you a hint about what you forgot.
And hopefully that'll help you remember what you forgot.
And how will you do that?
And how would that be?
- And I also wanted to challenge her.
- And I also wanted to issue her a challenge.
And I also wanted to issue her a challenge.
And I am Shirogane Lily.
And I bought these from Ko-cafe for our snack.
And I can't lose even a single one of you to do that!
And if I don't get any results there, I'll probably get cut.
And if Katsura-senpai collapses, then next will be me, Akashi Saya!
And if Katsura-senpai collapses, waiting in the wings will be I, Akashi Saya!
And if this keeps happening, I might lose my ability to sing.
And if we idols are gemstones, then rings and crowns are dresses.
And if you believe in yourself, I know you can overcome it.
And if you remember last week's preview, you should know that we have an animal guest as well.
And if you take too long to finish...
And if you wear a straw hat and carry around a handbag that matches, you'll stand out even more.
And if you write a wish to the stars on these papers, it'll come true!
And I had it all stacked nicely too...
And I have Berry Parfait.
And I just had it piled nicely...
And I know how hard you're working already.
- And I know how to overcome it.
- And I know how you can climb over it.
And I know how you can overcome it.
And I listen to my heart haato ga eranda As it points to my new style atarashii my style As it points to my new style atarashii my style The moment I finally find what it means to be me mitsuketai watashi rashisa no hajimari ni The moment I finally find
And I'll always be standing up here forever itsumo kawarazu tachi tsudzuketeru kara - On the stage of fate - unmei no suteeji - On the stage of fate - unmei no suteeji The mercilessly encroaching solitude will never stop me semattekuru kodoku nanka ja tomerarenai wa The mercilessly encroaching
And I'll be trying my hand at newscasting.
And I'll use kendo.
And I'm...
And imagine singing just like you do on any other day.
And I'm living this summer with all I've got!
And I'm living this summer with my whole body!
And I'm not gonna lose!
And I'm overflowing with it!
And I'm sure her fans feel the same way too.
And I'm sure you already know, but the light on the cameras means that it's rolling.
And I'm up against Elza-san.
And in a big way.
- And in addition to the audience behind them, their audition is being broadcast live to viewers around the nation.
And in fact...
And in fact, it's rather unbelievable that the top idol would let herself get photographed in sweats!
And in her acting career, every movie she starred in became a huge hit.
And in her very first performance, she got Star Wings!
And in just one hour?
And in my place...
And in the end, she finally did it in the S4 Selection.
And in time, I earned my own wings and was overcome with a sense of fulfillment.
And I simply love your maki-maki roll hairstyle, Makiko-san.
And it all belongs to you, Koharuderella.
And it goes without saying that this will be broadcast as well.
And it is exactly because she's special...
And it is exactly why Mahiru must win.
And it seems that Shiratori-san defeated it splendidly.
And it seems that Shiratori-san overcame it completely.
And it's half-off!
And it's nonsugar, so it's okay to drink at night.
And it's not just the dress that's radiant, it's Yume!
And it's not rice...
And it's not simply the two of them I desire.
And it's ready!
And it's so nice to see you again, Koharu-chan.
And it's you who taught us that.
And it was such a good idea.
And I've been thinking...
And I've never once thought I was either!
And I wanted you to come watch.
And I want to support her decision all the way.
And I was able to get the Moon Dress.
And I will be the world's brightest idol!
And I wish for your wings.
And I would rather you spend it anywhere else!
And Juli-san.
And just like this...
And just like you, I spend the entire week of the voting period helping an admin.
And just like you, I spent the entire week of the voting period helping an admin.
And just so you know, no matter how good you get, you'll never make it into S4.
And Kanata here is the president of our agency.
And karate!
And Kasumi Mahiru.
And Kasumi Yozora-senpai represents the sexy Romance Kiss.
And Kirara's...
And Kirara's flowery pop color arrangement.
And Kirara's was colorful and popping.
And Koharu is my best friend.
And Koharu's helping Elza-sama out with designs for her brand!
- And Koharu, you just got a gig with a fashion magazine, didn't you?
And lastly, the final acceptant is...
And Laura-chan!
And Laura, you're a respected admin who supports the entire school.
And Lilienne, you have things only you can do too!
And Lily-senpai even managed to get one of her own!
And look how much there is!
And luck too?
And Mahiru-chan and I will be competing too.
And Mahiru-chan keeps telling me I need to maintain my figure...
And matured through every experience.
And me too...
And mine.
And mine is...
And mine too, Yume-chan.
And more importantly, I had a lot of fun!
- And movies have just got to be action, except for some horror films, right?
And my audition is tomorrow...
And my condolences.
And my mother?
And my Theater Class's Tsubasa-senpai is on site at Atami filming a four-hour special drama.
And needless to say, it's summer vacation.
And next...
And Nijino Yume-chan from S4 too!
And not a single one resembled another.
And not just for our brand. We're working on a collaboration with My Little Heart too.
And not just that!
And not just that! We're closing in on the next big event!
And not normal fans!
And not only that, but you receive what was written on the card as a present!
And not only that, but Yuzu-senpai got Star Wings too.
And no two of them resembled each other.
And now, a greeting from our organizer.
And now, all that's left is the finale.
And now for the grand finale.
And now he's totally lovestruck?
And now he's totally lovestruck.
And now it's the fourth and final day.
And now, it's time for me to take the stage.
And now it's time to start!
And now Lily-senpai even managed to get her own!
And now my beloved Subaru-kyun is within arm's reach!
And now my dear Subaru-kyun is within arm's reach!
And now Sakuraba Laura, born in Heisei, is an idol.
And now that I'm here, I'm in it to win it!
And now that you know, good luck.
And now they face the wall from hell!
And now we're ending up competing directly.
And now, what I've been waiting for...
And now you know all about the Weekend Kirakira Stage.
And now you're just kicking her out?
And now your pose!
And now you've all been let in on Producer Sashita's idea!
And now you've all been let in on Producer Sashita's vision!
And now you work in singing, dancing, modeling, as well as acting for dramas and movies.
And of course, the center position will be mine.
- And off stage, think you are the worst.
And once I do, I'm certain that she will...
And once I have attained victory in the Aikatsu Ranking, I, Elza Forte...
And once you get your own brand, it opens up so much else you have to do.
And one day, something happened that changed her fate.
And one day, we've gotta surpass them!
And one of those times...
And on my journey, I found the answer.
And on the score board...
And on top of all that, she's followed in Hime-chan's footsteps as the muse of My Little Heart.
And on top of that made it into the elections.
And pass no matter what!
And people who will continue to support me.
And pose!
and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty
and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai
and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so
And producing it is an old upperclassman of ours.
And, pull!
And right now it's 2 PM.
And roll up some sushi.
And Saaya-chan with her friends!
and Sakuraba Laura!
And second, the Shadow Stars never injure anyone under any circumstance.
And see what lies beyond!
And she did it perfectly.
And she's already about to collapse?!
And she's decided!
And she used way more than usual!
And she who earns the top score in her respective class will be allowed to perform alongside Kasumi Yozora during the Summer Fest!
And she works harder than everyone else.
And Shiratori...
And simply demonstrate exactly where you stand right now.
And since we're on the topic, why don't we announce it at next week's fashion show?
And since you three are here on exchange...
And sing alongside you even more.
And so!
And so?
And so, I'd like to enlist the help of the admins to organize Lily's concert tomorrow.
And so I'd like to enlist the help of the rest of the admins to support Lily's concert tomorrow.
And sometimes the floor director holds up cue cards like this.
And so starts another day of Aikatsu!
And so sweet!
And so that's how you two combined your talents and powered up your brand.
And so, that's why I want to give them back the best performance I can.
And so, that's why I want to repay them with the best performance I can.
And so, the audition was over.
And so what better to test that with than rock-paper-scissors!
And so, you are to take a test to determine whether you are worthy of inheriting Spice Chord tomorrow?
And so, Yume and Nozomu began traveling together.
And speaking of which...
and sprinkle accessories on it.
And stick it!
And stick it in the trash.
And stronger!
And stylish!
And sukonbu!
And Susan, Amy, and Monica too?
And taking the stage with you made me fall even deeper in love with Aikatsu!
And thanks for coming just to see me.
And thank you. Have a good journey, Laura.
And that decides it!
And that fragrance was from the body mist Onee-chan gave you as a parting gift!
And that friend of yours is in trouble!
And that includes me as well.
And that inspires me to do my best!
And that is...
And that... is checkmate.
And that is exactly as it should be, for in a nearby park...
- And that is the determination to walk the path of an idol as a model.
- And that just so happens to be exactly what all my friends call me!
And that leaves Kanata as the president of our agency.
And that leaves us to judge!
And that leaves Yume as the chief producer who manages each part.
And that leaves Yume as the chief producer who oversees each part.
And that makes the stage!
And that's all that really matters.
And that same friend is currently in trouble!
And that's exactly the kind of pastries I should make.
And that's exactly why I don't want to lose to them no matter what!
And that's exactly why it gives so many points.
And that's not crazy!
And that's not even the scariest part...
And that's on top of being the main model for Aikatsu Style Girls.
And that's on top of playing the part of princess!
And that's the end of today's "We are FuwaFuwa Dreamers"!
And that's the end of today's We are FuwaFuwa Dreamers!
And that super idol just so happens to be me.
And that's what makes you cool!
And that's why...
And that's why I want to repay them with the best performance I can.
And that's why Nijino Yume will be taking Shiratori Hime's place for the concert!
And that's why we've got such a huge reaction.
And... that was well said, Koharu-chan!
And that will not change until I see Venus Ark's Aikatsu for myself.
And that wraps up the first half of Song Class!
And the best way I can think of doing that is winning the Aikatsu Ranking!
And the blackout?
And the center position will be mine as well.
And the crowd loved it too.
And the deepest depths...
And the final hint is that the true treasure is in meeting with others.
And their light feels so warm.
And the Kasumi Asahi and Igarashi Nozomu team.
And the moment you reach out to it is your start line!
And the more Glitter you collect, the wider a variety of dresses you can create.
And then!
And then...
And then after we got here, Hoshimiya-san saved me from danger.
And then another segment about going out to discover yummy snacks around the world...
And then another segment about going out to discover yummy sweets around the world...
And then comes world peace!
and then decorate it with accessories.
And the next person...
And then her constant stream of performances since then boosted her this far.
And then I found the answer during my journey.
And then... "I must return to my homeland beneath the sea." Yeah, what's up, Nii-san?
And then I need to confirm the program for our next S4 TV...
And then I need to finalize the program for our next S4 TV...
And then I said something selfish.
And then I saw just such a thing before my eyes.
And then Koharu-chan and Laura...
And then like magic, you build muscles in all the right places for an ideal body.
And then, right when I was thinking I had to do something big for the new students, Venus Ark came out of nowhere.
And then that makes me want to do my best too!
And then there is Yume's Earth and Aria's Jupiter.
And then there's the current S4.
And then, there's the current S4.
And then there was Elza-san.
And then... "Thus, I must return to my home beneath the sea." - You're asking the impossible! How could I possible I practice with Subaru-kyun?
And then we have Nanakura Koharu-san.
And the one who's producing it is our seniors.
And the one who was selected to represent the top of the Song Class was Shiratori Hime-san!
And the pre-song talk segment with the host will be just as important.
And there's a proverb!
And there's nothing like action films, albeit with some horror sprinkled in, right?
- And there's nothing like action films, except with some horror sprinkled in, right?
And there's nothing we can do about it.
And there's one more.
And the result of our actions was the Rainbow Étoile Coord.
And there you have it, a tie!
And these are addressed directly to the winner of the Aikatsu Ranking.
And these are your dresses I made to match mine.
And these flowers are pretty!
And the shopping district area is claimed by...
And the star wings are proof of a Star Premium Coord.
And the Star Wings are the mark of a Star Premium Coord.
- And the three days were a blast.
And the title will be, hm...
And the title will be, let's see...
And the top scorers in each class will be allowed to perform alongside Kasumi Yozora at Summer Fest!
And they all lived happily ever after.
And the year before that...
And they'll be scattered next year...
And they're individually wrapped so you can eat them later.
And they want me three days in a row!
And they want me three days straight!
And they were shining with all their might.
And this...
And this after how good she is at acting.
And this fun world fills us up with glee And this fun world fills us up with glee And this fun world fills us up with glee And this fun world fills us up with glee And this fun world fills us up with glee And this fun world fills us up with glee
And this fun world fills us up with glee kyonen no imagoro to marude chigau keshiki na no The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year
And this is from when Yuzu-senpai participated.
And this is where you opened up to me about that strange power.
And this year, taking inspiration from a widely loved picture book, we've made the theme Halloween Magic!
And those are the kind of pastries I should make.
And through them all, I could feel it.
And thus I have released the seal!
And thus, Yume and Nozomu successfully overthrew the Demon Lord.
And to do that, I need every single one of you!
And to everyone else who lives in Kirakira City!
And to know that after you've exhausted your strength, a new dawn will come.
And to make it I must Aikatsu!
And to make matters worse, the owner and top idol Elza Forte has scouted me.
And to make matters worse, the owner and top idol Elza Forte wants to scout me.
And to make things worse, she said that she's going to retire if she wins.
And tomorrow she'll even be doing a photoshoot as the cover girl for Aikatsu Style Girls.
And tomorrow's the traditional Pass 'em All! Freezing-cold New Year Triathlon.
And to the people who waited this half year.
And to think they were late their very first day and collapsed on stage.
And to work slowly but surely towards a goal.
And Tsubasacchi, I saw that tiny tree you looked so happy to stick on your desk.
And Tsubasa-senpai!
And turn!
And turn.
And ultimately, she managed to do it at the S4 Selection.
And unbelievably, this is the last week of Four Star Academy News.
And us, too!
And we barely made it home in one piece...
And we got it!
And we have this year's winner!
And we know!
And we learned that from you.
And we'll all be happy-happy!
And we're all supposed to pair up and put on some sort of show.
And we're clear!
And... what about him?
And what about you, Nijino-san?
And what a fabulous contest it was!
And what better to test that with than rock-paper-scissors!
And what does it mean by "infinite self"?
And what do you have in mind?
And what is that?
And what is that next to it?
And what'll be in it?
And what made you decide to come back?
And what's it mean by infinite self?
And what's the point of you doing that?
And what's the point of you getting so worked up?
And what's with her presence?
And what's with those clothes?
And what's your favorite fruit?
And what theme should we go with?
And what would that be?
And when we look back, we find that we're brighter than ever before.
And when you overlay your Grade-Up Glitter...
And while we're at it, let's be careful with our words as well.
And while we're at it, let's be more careful with our words as well.
And while we're at it, let's hold the unveiling during next week's fashion show.
And while you're here, wanna enroll?
And why exactly does it have to be me?
And why is that?
And why must I do that?
And why should I have to do that?
And why wouldn't they? It's been too long since I've seen you get serious.
And with a smile, no less.
And with her very first performance, she got Star Wings!
And within just one hour?
And without further ado, it's time for Lily-chan's performance!
And with that, all competitors have completed their entries.
And with that, let's wrap up for the day!
And with that, let's wrap up for today!
And with that, you're free to go.
And wouldn't that be baad?
And wouldn't you know, this comes right after I made my Ako-brand teru teru girls.
And yesterday, the new students had their debut concerts.
And yesterday, the new students held their very first debut concert.
And yet I couldn't believe in myself.
And yet, I couldn't believe in myself.
And yet! If that is to be my destiny, I shall not turn my back to it.
And yet it contains an error.
And yet it felt as though nothing we said got through to her.
And yet, the lady herself appears to be unsatisfied.
And yet two must go!
And yet you're making that face?
And yet you still call yourself a proper idol, Sakuraba Laura?
And you?
And you are?
And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e I'll sing to you there to utau anata e I'll sing to you there
And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e And you are there, you are there iru anata e anata e to utau anata e I'll sing to you there to utau anata e I'll sing to you there
And you call yourself her friend, Nijino?
And you grow so many.
And you have my condolences.
And you incorporated those changes?
And, you know...
And you, Laura?
And you'll get ahead of the direct line!
And your dresses?
And you're as beautiful as ever, Hime-senpai!
And you're just letting the rest do their Aikatsu blissfully unaware.
And you're saying that we're just like them, or something?
And your eyelashes are long, so there's no need for fake ones.
And your eyelashes are long, so you don't need fake ones.
And your head if positively filled with flowers!
And your mind is perpetually lost in fairy-tale land!
And your part was even the princess!
- And your singing shall improve with the hymn of a spell.
And you two were totally in tune with each other on stage.
And you were...
And you who are beloved by Aikatsu!
And Yume-chan?
And Yume-chan in second is sure to make it in too!
And Yuuki Subaru.
And Yuzu-senpai!
- An early member of S4 from Song Class, Yukino Hotaru.
An emotion... as strong...
An event?
A new age of Aikatsu dawns.
A new dance step.
A new dream...
A new legend...
A new legend will be inscribed into Four Star Academy's books.
A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me
A new tale of legend...
A new type of ice that'll set your mouth on fire!
A new unit?!
An exemplar of ground hardening after rain!
An experience they cannot deny.
An extravagant cruise liner appeared at the harbor.
- Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles
A niche, huh.
An ideal example of how the ground hardens after rain!
An idol...
- An idol and her dress can draw out each other's appeal tens and hundreds of times more than otherwise.
An idol and her dress can raise each other's appeal tens and hundreds of times higher than they are alone.
- An idol and her dress can raise each other's appeal tens and hundreds of times higher than they have alone.
An idol and her dress must be as one.
An idol doesn't need to do anything besides act like one.
An idol school upon an extravagant cruise liner sailing around the world collecting skilled idols, Venus Ark, suddenly appeared before us.
An idol with individuality...
Animaling. To live in accordance with your instincts as wild animals do, Animaling Animaling Animaling and to follow the whims of your feelings.
- Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Animal Party - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily
Animal Party Animal Party Animal Party This place is overflowing with reporters.
Animals are fine too, but look up ahead.
Animals are great, but look up ahead.
Animaru. It is to live in accordance with your instincts as wild animals do, Yuzu's gonna animaru with Lilienne!
An impact?
An impatient bunch, you are.
An incredible view awaits you.
an injection?
An injection?
An international debut... for me?
An interview?
An intriguing proposition.
An intro quiz on top of testing her sense for coordination.
An intruder?
- An invitation card to Venus Wave.
a n i w a I n t h e r a i n b o w f l o w e r g a r d e n n i j i s a k u h a n a z o n o A l l a l
Anna-sensei!
Anna-sensei.
Anna-sensei...
Anna-sensei and I both gave our love to Spice Chord.
Anna-sensei asked me the same thing.
Anna-sensei. Good evening.
Anna-sensei, good morning.
- Anna-sensei said that the S4 members and all the admins have appeared in this show before.
Anna-sensei said that the S4 members and all the admins were chosen to be in this show before.
Anna-sensei's always going on about "Individuality!" and all that.
Anna-sensei's in the zone!
- Anna-sensei was telling us that all of the S4 members and admins were in the show too.
Anna-sensei, what happened to Laura?
Anne of Green Gables Why are you asking that at this point?
An octopus?
ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru I've kept my eyes always
ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else
- An Only One Idol! Go for S4!
An oppressively beautiful stage.
A normal person would prioritize moving preparations first!
A normal person would prioritize packing before all else!
An ostrich?
Another day gone by without ever seeing Hime-senpai.
Another day gone by without seeing Hime-senpai.
Another miss?
Another miss...
Another new year is about to start.
Another one?
Another round!
Another "ru"? Ru...
ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte
ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other
An overall strategy, I assume.
An overall strategy, I presume.
- An participation card for Venus Wave.
answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide hashiridashitara tomaranai mezasu yuuki wa doko dai?
answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right
Answer starting from the top-right sample.
An undeniable experience.
An unexpected place?
An unparalleled Premium Rare Dress and a perfect idol.
An Unstealable Dream.
An upside-down sky of stars falling upwards Even Laura... Wh-What should I do?
Any luck? Was she in her room?
Any magazine with their name on it sells out instantly!
Any more than this would be overworking.
Any movie about show dancers worth its salt has to have at least one backstage scene.
Anyone who couldn't finish their buttons is out.
Anyone who would betray those expectations has no right to call herself an idol.
Anyone would feel the same hearing we're gonna shut down.
- Any resemblance to actual people or organizations Is entirely coincidental.
Any runners in a marathon who touch someone else are disqualified.
Any student council president worth her salt knows every student's profile by heart.
Any student here can participate in the event.
Any student here who wants to is allowed to participate.
Anything but tickles...
Anything can still happen.
Anytime!
Anyway, did you take part in the Fest because you wanted to get closer to Subaru?
Anyway, did you take part in the Fest just because you wanted to get closer to Subaru?
Anyway, how did you figure out what Mahiru-chan was thinking?
Anyway, if you get close to it...
Anyway, I'm so glad that we all managed to pass.
Anyway, just try and enjoy the remaining time of your quiet day off.
Anyway, just try and enjoy what's left of your quiet day off.
Anyway, Kirara's gonna take part!
Anyway, let's keep looking!
Anyway, on to the important part.
Anyways, look.
Anyway, this is the serious part.
Anyway, this is unbelievable!
Anyway, this means that some random idol out there stole my brand from under my nose!
Anyway, we just have to keep looking!
Anyway, we're not having much luck finding one.
Anyway, we've just gotta look!
Anyway, why are you here?
Aoi! Ran!
Aoyama Naho, of the same.
aozora meippai - It's so exciting! - Doki doki tte - It's so exciting! - Doki doki tte My heart skips and pom-pom-pop jumps to the rhythm haato ga sukippu rizumu Pom Pom poppu janpu My heart skips and pom-pom-pop jumps to the rhythm haato ga sukippu rizumu Pom Pom poppu janpu
A participation card for Venus Wave.
A party is being held today for the valued customers of Perfect Queen.
A pastry shop...
A peach?
A peerless Premium Rare Dress and a perfect idol.
A perfect idol does not shine with others under any circumstances.
A performance...
A performance competition between the classes.
A performance is the culmination of all your training.
A performance like that is no fluke.
A personal brand...
A person's individuality comes from their outside passions.
A place that'll surprise and delight Aria-chan!
A place that'll surprise and entertain Aria-chan!
A plain T-shirt?
Apologies for bringing you all the way out here so early on the day of Summer Fest.
- Apologizin' for causing you trouble the other day.
A pool and waterfall!
A popular children's show.
A powerful way to start the day.
Apparently not.
Appearance is a bit shallow for a concept, but we should try to incorporate it.
Approved! Tsubasa-san, you're up next!
Approximately three months have passed since your matriculation.
A Premium Rare Dress could also be called the top dress.
A Premium Rare Dress is, in other words, a top dress.
A present?
A pretend version of S4's tea party, Gathering of Stars!
A prince?
A princess coord emitting pastel elegance, accented by a book print on the skirt.
A producer?
A promise...
A proper lady never takes a visitor's snack.
A proper lady would never take a visitor's snack.
Aquarium Aquarium Academy City Area Academy City Area Park Area Park Area Great Theater Great Theater Windmill Area Windmill Area Beach Beach Lighthouse Lighthouse Marina Marina Shopping District Shopping District The shopping district area.
Aquarium Aquarium Shopping District Shopping District Signs point to a quiz show being held here.
- Aquarium Area - Aquarium Area - Aquarium Area - Quiz Show!
A quick trip? Aren't you supposed to be studying in France?
A ranking of idols from all around the world.
A ranking of the entire first-year class will be determined by fan vote.
- A ranking of the entire first-year class with be determined by fan vote.
A rap.
A real fairy?!
A reason?
Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am Are both part of who I really am zenbu honto no watashi nan da
are for you to consider.
are going to win!
A regular feature?
Are Hime-senpai and S4 seriously playing this song themselves?
Are my fans!
Are my feelings for Elza right or wrong?
Aren't me and Ako-chan the best double muses ever?
Aren't these heart patterns just the cutest?
- Aren't these mismatched zig-zag cuts unique?
Aren't these the video files?
Aren't those feelings what matter most?
Aren't we friends? Just let me!
Aren't we true rivals now?
Aren't you...
Aren't you already placed second?
Aren't you always telling me it, Koharu-chan?
Aren't you an idol from Venus Ark?
Aren't you busy with your own work?
Aren't you concerned about being by yourself?
Aren't you concerned about going by yourself?
Aren't you glad you got to learn all sorts of new things today?
Aren't you going to take back FuwaFuwa Dream?
Aren't you going to travel the world?
Aren't you in second right now?
Aren't you keeping someone dear to you waiting?
Aren't your bodies raring to go?
Aren't your bodies throbbing?
Aren't your feelings what matter most?
Aren't you... Saotome Ako-chan?
Aren't you supposed to be filming Elza?
Aren't you supposed to be in S4?
Aren't you supposed to be the girl who did that awesome performance?
Aren't you the girl with that awesome performance?
Aren't you the one being too loose?
Aren't you the same?
Are preserved among them.
A request?
A respectable idol.
Are the other girls your friends too?
Are there any coords or dresses that've caught your eye recently?
Are these all presents from your fans?
Are these four idols!
Are these real stars?
Are the tests really that hard?
Are they challenging us to a duel?!
Are they just going to stay on break?
Are they something like a prayer?
Are those all handwritten?
Are those designs for a Premium Rare Dress?
Are those from Berry Parfait?
Are those them? That candy motif is fantastic!
- Are those your drawings? That candy motif is fantastic!
Are we clear?
Are we here because you suspect us too?
Are we okay to go?
Are we okay with this?
Are we ready?
Are we ready to have some fun?
Are we really the first?
Are you all prepared to see them?
Are you all ready?
Are you all right?
Are you all right?!
Are you all right, Yume?
Are you almost here?
Are you alone as well?
Are you asleep?
Are you aware of Four Star Academy second-year, Shirogane Lily-chan?
Are you aware that Shiratori Hime is planned to perform in the academy's Grand Hall?
Are you aware that Shiratori Hime is planned to perform in the academy's Great Hall?
"Are you aware that your daughter is playing 'idol pirate', sailing around pillaging all the brands she wants?
"Are you aware that your daughter is sailing around calling herself the 'idol pirate' and pillaging all the brands she wants?
Are you being serious?
Are you chasing after a dream?
Are you cold?
Are you curious about it?
Are you done with work?
Are you downgrading yourselves to fans?
Are you entirely serious?
Are you fine with that?
Are you finished?
Are you finished packing?
Are you frustrated with your loss?
Are you giving Aikatsu up?
Are you giving up on finding your individuality?
Are you giving up then?
Are you going to eat all that yourself?
Are you going to get plundered by that Elza person?
Are you good with this dress?
Are you guys ready for the school festival?
Are you having fun?
Are you heading to the overnight audition now? Do you mind if we tag along?
Are you here for work?
Are you holding back your tremendous skill because you don't want to try?
Are you hurt, Kirara?
Are you in?
Are you interested in coming to see my first solo live this Saturday?
Are you in there?
Are you just so far above my level you've got no intention of even trying?
Are you kidding...
Are you listening to me, jumbo ribbon?
Are you looking to join too?
Are you nervous?
Are you nervous, Yume?
Are you not feeling better yet?
Are you not the same?
Are you, now?
Are you okay?
Are you okay?!
- Are you okay? Do your best! Please feel better! I'm looking forward to seeing your performance! I'm cheering for you! - Are you okay? Do your best! Please feel better! I'm looking forward to seeing your performance! I'm cheering for you! - Are you okay? Do your best! Please feel better! I'm looking forward to seeing your performance!
Are you okay? There's no need to rush, so just enjoy it.
Are you okay with that?
Are you okay, Yume-chan?
Are you participating too?
Are you perhaps thinking that it would pain you far too much to continue dragging the ladies along with your selfishness any further?
Are you perhaps thinking that it would pain you far too much to selfishly drag the others along any further?
Are you prepared?
Are you preparing for a duel?
Are you ready?
Are you ready? Say cheese!
Are you ready to bring it home?
Are you ready to have some fun?
Are you really so worried about our precious successors?
Are you really sure about letting Koharu go?
Are you really that tired?
Are your feelings that weak?
Are your parents still in Italy?
Are you satisfied with that?
- Are you saying that was a mistake?
Are you saying you created this brand for just Elza-san's sake?
Are you saying you created this brand just for Elza-san?
Are you saying you made it alone?
Are you serious about this?
Are you still feeling bad?
Are you still mad at that girl?
Are you still nervous?
Are you sure?
Are you sure about letting them all go on like that, Moroboshi-chan?
Are you sure about not going?
Are you sure about that?
Are you sure? It's really spicy.
Are you sure it was a good idea letting Koharu be their guide?
Are you sure of this?
Are you sure? That's too bad.
Are you sure this isn't because of that weird power?
Are you sure you don't want to go?
Are you sure you'll be okay?
Are you sure you'll make it back before departure?
Are you sure you're better?
Are you sure you're not a mother?
Are you sure you're not overworking yourself?
Are you sure you should be saying all that?
Are you sure you won't regret not letting Yozora-senpai know how you feel?
Are you sure you won't regret not telling Yozora-senpai your feelings?
Are you talking about Yume-chan?
Are you the mommy ostrich?
Are you the real one?
Are you trying to say the berry comes from strawberry, and the parfait is from the food?
Are you two dating?
Are you two in love?
Are you unable to sleep?
Are you up for the encore?
Argue all you want, but Kirara-chan's the best!
Aria?
Aria-chan!
Aria-chan?
Aria-chan.
Aria-chan...
Aria-chan, Aikatsu always starts with a greeting.
Aria-chan, aren't those chunks kind of big?
Aria-chan? Aria-chan.
Aria-chan brought a sense of freshness and fun to everything we did.
Aria-chan doesn't have a firm grasp of Japanese Aikatsu yet.
Aria-chan, dry those tears.
Aria-chan got them by her own power.
Aria-chan, Hime-senpai!
Aria-chan, let's do that!
Aria-chan, let's do the thing!
Aria-chan, let's make today's show a blast.
Aria-chan really does love Aikatsu.
Aria-chan starts up Aikatsu wherever she pleases.
Aria-chan succeeded Hime-senpai as the muse of My Little Heart and debuted a Premium Rare Dress.
Aria-chan, thank you.
Aria-chan, that performance was the best!
Aria-chan, we can't take any pictures through you.
Aria-chan, where's your greeting?
Aria-chan? Why are you here?
Aria-chan, you're really good!
Aria, even you...
Aria has the skills to face her.
Aria, have you adjusted to life at Venus Ark yet?
Aria-sama, please allow me to treat you as a token of my appreciation.
Aria's place in the ranking might change after her concert today too.
Aria, what do you think?
- Aria will search for the S instead of Miranda - m 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 - M 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 I should take her place? Understood.
Aria, you were very close.
A rocking one!
A rock-inspired coolness combined with vivid pink ribbons...
Around where is what we're asking.
Arrogant talk coming from such a laze.
Art is an explosion!
Arts and Crafts Wow! Lily-chan, you're so good!
As a chorus of bats begins to sing Don't tell me this is real magic!
As a famous English poet once said: "And the end of all our exploring will be to arrive where we started and know the place for the first time." Yep, yep! I don't really get it, but that's a nice line.
As a fellow M4 fan...
As a fellow student of Four Star Academy, you must be aware that our motto is to "make good on your word".
Asahi-kun?
Asahi-kun is way too cute!
Asahi-niisan.
Asahi's doing magic tricks, and Nozomu is telling fortunes...
Asahi-senpai!
Asahi-senpai?
Asahi-senpai?!
Asahi was Morning, you were Lunch, and I was Dinner.
Asahi will be focusing on his acting.
As always, we'll be testing their knowledge, stamina, and luck.
As always, we'll be your hosts.
As a member of S4, I will become the star that lights Yume-chan's path.
As am I.
As am I. The pride of Four Star Academy is at stake!
- As announced, Venus Ark is closing its doors today.
As a rule, the more singular a case is, the simpler the truth proves to be.
As a special favor, I will provide one more.
As a top idol in S4, I work hard at my Aikatsu every day.
A sauropod striding across the land...
As best friends.
A score?
As countless opportunities rain down from above kore kara meguriau chansutachi ni As countless opportunities rain down from above kore kara meguriau chansutachi ni I won't shield myself from a single one watashi wa zettai hirumanai yo I won't shield myself from a single one watashi wa zettai hirumanai yo
A script.
As did I.
As did the S4 before us, and the one before them, right?
As do I. They have to show everyone the abilities of Four Star Academy.
A second-year at the idol middle school, Four Star Academy.
A segment unique to me...
As Elza-sama's secretary, Rei-sama must attend to her needs.
A sensational miracle senseishon na kiseki wo A sensational miracle senseishon na kiseki wo Let's go on a search because it's show time!
A sense for design.
A sense of belief?
A serialized column?
As exchange students at Venus Ark.
As expected.
As expected of a cat.
As expected of Elza Forte-san!
As expected of Elza-sama!
As expected of Hime-senpai!
As expected of Kasumi Mahiru!
As expected of my Subaru-kyun!
As expected of Yume...'s Dad's sweets!
As forewarned, we have acquired the Princess Diamond.
- As for mine...
As for my Song Class...
As for Song Class...
As for you, Nijino.
As for your outfit...
a shade of enthralling make up make up yuuki wo hitonuri tokimeki wo matou no Each time I blink my long, glistening eyelashes tsuyameku nagai matsuge ga mabataku tabi ni Each time I blink my long, glistening eyelashes tsuyameku nagai matsuge ga mabataku tabi ni It brings me another step closer to adulthood
A Shangri-La of magic and lights Looks like vertical attacks are your weakness.
As have I, Kasumi Mahiru.
A sheep?
As her friend and rival, I want to support her in every way I can.
As her rival, I want to make sure I won't lose.
Ashida Yuri.
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Maikawa Marina - Maikawa Marina - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Yasaka Shouko - Yasaka Shouko
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru The second half will come at you right after a half-hour break.
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Maikawa Marina - Maikawa Marina - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri Living up to her creds, she leaps through the ranks to first!
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri
- Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri That's awesome!
Ashida Yuri is knocked down as she ascends to the top!
Ashida Yuri. I've been watching over her since she enrolled, and her growth has been exemplary.
- Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily
- Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri
Ashida Yuri Shirogane Lily Lilienne!
Ashida Yuri Shirogane Lily Nice Aikatsu.
As Hime-chan's successor at My Little Heart, I'll make the flower of Aikatsu bloom!
A ship without a destination is far too dangerous.
A show?
A show you want to see?
As if they're making fun of the police.
As I have explained previously, the autumn 2016 season theme is "girly antique".
A simple matter, then.
As I recall, you resolved yourself to become a top idol.
As I responded to your last invitation, my feelings haven't changed.
As I said, Venus Ark is closing its doors today.
As I stand now, I'm sure I can do the best Aikatsu in the world!
As I stand today, I know I can do this.
As I suspected.
As I thought. My singing right now just can't...
As I thought. The students of Four Star do it for themselves and their fans.
As I was saying, let Saotome Ako...
As I would expect.
Ask for the details when you arrive.
Asking Subaru-kun out for Christmas?
- Ask us about anything you want. There's no need to hold back.
Ask us about anything you would like.
- Ask us about anything you would like, there's no need to hold back.
Ask us any questions you may have.
As long as I'm an idol.
As long as there are people supporting you, you'll be able to believe in yourself.
As long as you don't give up and do your best, you'll realize your dream for sure!
As long as you follow your own shining path, it will eventually lead to a future in S4.
As long as you get permission, it should be doable.
As long as you have fans supporting you, you can't let it end!
As long as you work hard, someone will see you!
A smile comes to your face, and you can't help but want to dance.
A smile just floated to my face.
As much as you?
As Neo Venus Ark, Elza-san and her idols set off on a journey for new Aikatsu.
As of this moment...
As of this moment, we have fulfilled it.
As of this moment, we have now fulfilled it.
As of today, consider yourself expelled from Venus Ark.
A solo live in three days?
A solo live three days from now?
As one of the top idols of S4, I work hard at Aikatsu every day.
A Song Choc-full of Affection.
A song that doesn't move oneself will never move the hearts of others.
A Song That's Mine.
A sound mind dwells in a sound body.
- As part of a larger effort during the school festival, - This show will be one part of a larger effort during the school festival To improve student relations across all years and classes.
As part of a larger effort to improve relations during the school festival, participation in this show will be open to all students regardless of year or class.
A special live!
A Spice Bear!
"Aspirations can never be fulfilled.
"Aspirations can never truly be fulfilled.
- As previously stated, Venus Ark is closing its doors as of today.
As promised, we have acquired the princess diamond.
As proof...
As proof of that...
As proof that I'm the muse of Spice Chord now.
As representatives of Four Star Academy, we can't afford to lose.
As representatives of our academy, you are to study Star Premium Rare Coords...
As rivals, I want to make sure I won't lose.
As Shakespeare said, "Self-conceit may lead to self-destruction".
As she says, she who controls the dresses controls Aikatsu.
As someone with a brand of your own, you should understand the importance of those words.
As someone with a brand of your own, you should understand their importance well.
As soon as Ako heard M4 was making a guest appearance, she could barely hold herself back.
As soon as Theater Class finishes their piece, we'll do the final choreography check.
As soon as these buds open.
Assorted eggs? Give me a break.
As student council president, I've gotta protect the school with Lilienne!
As such, we'd like to call up our wonderful new friends.
As such, we'll use every day we have to prepare for the quiz.
A stage!
A stage will also be built for me at the Suzukaze Plateau.
A star?
A Star Premium Rare Coord can not be created— It is bequeathed by the Aikatsu System.
A star... the world's brightest star!
As thanks.
As thanks for coming to the Kira Kira Department Store, we'll shake your hands!
As thanks for looking after me back then, I periodically come to hold shows and perform maintenance around the hotel.
As the brightest stars in the sky, we will serve as a beacon of light to help you get back on track.
As the first-year representative of Song Class, All right, there are ten minutes left.
As the French philosopher Pascal once said, “Fear not, provided you fear; but if you fear not, then fear." Let us believe that those of Venus Ark know fear.
As the Justice Heroine Rangers!
As the one-day station master, it was the obvious thing to do.
As the owner, I have a responsibility to follow through on my words.
As the party is in full swing, it is about time for the stage performance.
As the party is in full swing, it is time for the stage performance.
As the popularity of idols climbs, more will join the fray, thus raising the probability of Star Wings appearing.
As there are many ambitious booths this year, we must be extra prepared.
As there are many large-scale booths this year, we must be extra prepared.
As the representative of all the Song Class first-years, and as Laura's replacement, I'll put on a show to be proud of.
As the reputation of idols improves, more will join the fray, thus raising the probability of Star Wings appearing.
As they gather, a current forms, eventually becoming a wave with great power.
As though she were the moon...
A storm like this won't so easily go away.
A strange phenomenon has been happening to me for a while.
A strawberry shortcake.
A striking chord that can shake the soul—that is Spice Chord.
A strong appeal...
As true rivals, and as best friends, I can't help but look forward to what kind of future awaits us.
A Surprise Party to Welcome Your Return Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume - m 350 598 l 527 497 l 620 477 l 645 469 l 704 467 l 718 475 l 799 605 l 619 684 l 432 733 - Thursday next week September 7th!
As we are broadcasting this drawing for the bracket live, we must proceed even without her.
As we are broadcasting this drawing for the matchups live, we must proceed even without her.
As we are different individuals, it is only natural for our methods of training to be different.
As we discussed previously, the season theme for Autumn 2016 is "girly antique".
As we have various uniquenesses, it is only natural for our methods of training to be varied.
As we just demonstrated, we're looking for new ideas from you all.
- As well as a former homeroom teacher for Song Class at Four Star Academy.
- As well as the former teacher of Song Class.
As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky
As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu
As we tally the votes the winner is...
As we traveled side by side, I fell for your single-minded determination.
As with any action movie, recording many of the scenes is quite the challenge.
As you can see, only the top four idols advance to the Final Tournament.
As you can see, on today's It's Our Job To Shine we'll be announcing a special program!
As you can see, the members chosen to perform for Aikatsu Island's opening stage...
As you can see, Venus Ark has the top spots on lockdown.
As you might be thinking, it wouldn't be very interesting if everyone wore the same thing.
As your senior at Four Star Academy, I have had the pleasure of watching over you.
As you said, it was kendo.
As you should. Elza-sama was saying that a Premium Rare Dress is a muse in itself.
As you should. Elza-sama was saying that a Premium Rare Dress is the muse itself.
As you were informed, the top scorer of each class will be given the chance to form a unit with S4 and perform at Summer Fest.
As you would expect from an action movie, recording many of the scenes is quite the challenge.
atarashii basho demo kimi wa kimi rashiku douka...
A task?
A Tasmanian devil from New Zealand would be better!
At attention!
A test?
At first, I wanted to follow in your footsteps.
At first, I was overjoyed that I could put on shows better than I expected.
At first, my dream was pretty much to be exactly like my senpai in S4.
At Four Star Academy, when one is inducted into S4, they receive their own image brand.
A thin line separates the rankings.
A thin line separates the ranks.
A ticket?
A ticket to Venus Ark's last show?
A ticket to your event?
A time will come when we can compete on the stage once more.
A Tiny Glimmer.
A Tiny Glimmer A Tiny Glimmer A Tiny Glimmer Koharu-chan?
At last, I've done it!
- At least let us go on the first shrine visit together.
At least there is a silver lining of Hanazono Kirara being delayed.
At least we have the silver lining of Hanazono Kirara being delayed.
At least we'll make it in by curfew.
At least we're roommates, so we'll see each other all the time.
At least you came prepared.
At least you can help Yozora-senpai personally.
At least you get to help Yozora-senpai personally.
At long last.
A toast!
At once.
Atop its stage, you can put on any mask you'd like.
A treasure searched for cannot be found.
A trick to being beautiful?
A trick to calm down.
A trolley?
At some point, I started to rely on that power.
At some point, it became more appropriate to call them rivals than schoolmates.
Atsui hebun hachigatsu no mariina It's a blazing heaven at this August marina tokekondara mou dono anguru mo posutaa mitai And when it starts to melt every angle could be a poster shot suika mango aoi nami no soruto Watermelon, mango, and blue sea salt ajiwai tsukushite marugoto shiizun kakedashiteiru
Atsuku tashika na sekai ugokihajimeta A hot new world has started to form sou da watashi no sekai That world is my world yume wa un dake ja nakute kokoro no chikara Dreams come true by will, not luck Ah! dakara nigecha dame da yo That's why you can't run away
Atsuku tashika na sekai ugokihajimeta A hot new world has started to form sou da watashi no sekai That world is my world yume wa un dake ja nakute kokoro no chikara Dreams come true by will, not luck Ah! dakara nigecha dame da yo That's why you never run away
Attack!
Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama
Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant Tsubasa-senpai!
- Attention!!
Attention!
Attention!!
Attention all M4 fan club members, this is a message from Ako.
- Attention all M4 fan club members, this is a message from Ako. I request your assistance in looking for four-leaf clovers nyan! Ako - Attention all M4 fan club members, this is a message from Ako. I request your assistance in looking for four-leaf clovers nyan! Ako - Attention all M4 fan club members, this is a message from Ako. l request your assistance in looking for four-leaf clovers nyan! Ako
Attention! As the party is in full swing, I'd like to hold the bouquet presentation!
Attention! As the party is in full swing, it's time for the bouquet presentation!
- Attention!! - Attention!!
Attention, everyone, Are you emotionally prepared?
Attention, everyone. Are your hearts ready?
Attention, everyone. We will momentarily begin the scheduled lunch time.
Attention, everyone. We will momentarily be having lunch time.
Attention, girls!
Attention, girls.
Attention! It is once again time for Four Star Academy's annual school festival!
Attention kids! The Super Hero Battleman stage show is about to start!
Attention kids! The Superhero Battlemen stage show is about to start!
Attention, ladies.
Attention, please!
Attention, we're now starting the shoot.
At that moment will I don my Premium Rare Dress.
- At that time...
At that time...
At the center of everything lies the sun.
At the conclusion?
At the end, five units chosen by popular vote will proceed to the finals.
At the end of the night, this year's Halloween Princess is none other than Nanakura Koharu!
At the end of the year, the top-ranked idols are gathered for one final competition.
At the end of the year, the top ranking idols are gathered for one final competition.
At the end of your climb...
At the end, the top five units chosen by popular vote will proceed to the finals.
At the Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition you were absolutely dazzling.
At the Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition, you were absolutely dazzling.
At the Final Stage, I'm not sure if I should cheer for Yume or for Mahiru.
At the Final Tournament, I'll put on a performance that you can be proud of.
At the moment, we're all in the thick of preparations.
At the same time, she'll have even less of a chance of being in the Finals if she doesn't try.
- At the Soccer World Tournament championship match.
At the time, I may have been her first star.
At the time, I sealed away my Premium Rare Dress creation until I entered S4.
At the time, I sealed away the creation of my Premium Rare Dress until after I entered S4.
At the time, I was alone in my room with that window open.
At the time, there was nobody, myself included, who fully understood that mysterious power.
At the time, there was nobody, myself included, who truly understood that mysterious power.
At the very end, we found Hime-senpai and the others all together!
At the very instant I gazed upon its dresses, a bolt of lightning ran through my body, It is your choice to capture or reject your fate.
At the very least, those girls are looking forward to see you.
At the very least, those two are looking forward to it.
At this hour?
At this point, all we can do is pray for Katsura-senpai and Saya-senpai's bodies to hold out.
At this point, we can only cancel the tour.
At this point, we have only one option left!
At this point, we have only one viable option!
At this rate...
At this rate, we'll be viewed as an incompetent S4 who got handed the positions only due to our predecessors' graduation.
At this rate, we'll be viewed as an insufficient S4 who got handed down the position due to our predecessors' graduation.
At this rate, you may be cast in that seasonal drama sooner than expected.
At times like that, you should take a deep breath and imagine yourself singing like you would on any other day.
At times like this...
At times like this, I simply have to do a full scan of my mental database...
At times like this, I simply need to do a full scan of my mental data to find the answer.
Attract the most attention possible.
At Venus Ark, Elza-sama's word is absolute.
A TV show you don't want to miss?
A type of tulip commonly known as star sapphire.
Audience, allow me to introduce you.
Audience, it's finally the time you've been waiting for! Next up is Shiratori Hime-san's performance!
Audience, it's what you've been waiting for!
Audience, please look forward to following their activities.
Audience, please look forward to their future activities.
Audio and video recording of the show is strictly prohibited.
- Audition Participants - Waiting Room - Please wait here until your name is called.
Audition Participants Waiting Room Please wait here until your name is called.
Auditions at school?
- Audition Stage Live Fest Fashion Show - Audition Stage Live Fest Fashion Show Maintenance Maintenance We'll help them with their work!
"Audition Ticket"...
- Audition - Ticket "Audition Ticket"...
Audition Ticket Wait, then...
- Audition - Ticket You received one as well?
A unit name that asserts our desire to take off to the skies and shine...
A unit with you...
- Authorized Personnel Only!!
autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah As we see off this summer night sky As we see off this summer night sky futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu I pray that you will remain true
autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations
Average, she says.
A video camera?
A visitor is here to see you.
A wall?
Awanai kutsu wo haita mama ja aruki tsukarechau ne Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit
A wave that envelops the whole idol world.
Aw, but why?
Aw, come on!
A weight appears to have been lifted from your shoulders, Nijino-san.
Awesome!
Awesome, awesome!
Awesome, Laura!
Awesome, she made it to the finals!
A whole truckload?!
Aw, I lost!
Aw man.
Aw man...
Aw man. And here I brought you all sweets from around the world to share.
Aw man, it's already locked.
Aw man, we ended up in different classes, Koharu-chan.
Aw man, you're so lucky!
A wonderful dress that's all my own...
A world-famous guitarist once said that.
Aw, this place is sold out too.
Aww!
Aw, why's that?
Aw, you're making me blush.
Ayano-san.
Aye!
A yet-unreleased brand came to me with an offer to be their representative!
Ayumi-chan and Naho-chan haven't finished crossing yet.
Ayumi-san!
Ayumi-san...
Ayumi-san, I'm so sorry!
Baa!
Baa? Baa baa?
Baa! But why?!
Baa! That's naive, Ako-chan!
Baa—wait, huh?
Baa where to dig! Baa!
Babies...
Babies, clean out those ears and listen up!
Babies, you'll be wearing these for today's lesson.
Baby, put your game face on!
Back and better than ever! Great job!
Back at Four Star Academy, she provides strict guidance as the student council president.
Back at Four Star Academy, she runs a tight ship as the student council president.
Back at you! What were you doing in there?
Back during our first summer break, we held an election to choose members too.
Back during Venus Wave, you lost to Laura.
Back in my first year, my legs were shaking as much as yours.
Back in New York, a huge Christmas tree is decorated right in the middle of the city.
Back in New York, a huge Christmas tree with decorations is set up in the middle of the city.
Back off!
Backstage?
Backstage of the show...
Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass
Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass Backstage Pass What are they?
Back then, all I could do was try to change myself and not rely on that strange power by focusing on my Aikatsu.
Back then, S4 had only just been formed, and didn't have much of a reputation.
Back to the studio.
Back to you at the studio.
Back to your cleaning?
Back when Elza-sama expelled you...
Back when we competed for that CD debut, I pretty much won by default.
Back when we saw Yume-chan off, I could see fighting spirit burning in her eyes.
Back when you were little and we visited the zoo.
Back when you were still little and we visited the zoo.
Bad!
Ba-da-da-da-da...
Bad! Show some guts!
Bam!
"Bananas to give me the power to sing at my performances." Yes, of course! I know very well.
"Bananas to give me the power to sing for my performances." - But every once in a while, you like to get your fix of horror.
Bandages and tape are in the cabinet's drawers as well.
band and got into a music university on their first try." - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition
- Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone
- Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone
- Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone This gets me going!
- Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone - Barefoot Zone I'm in!
Bark! Bark! Bark! I'm a werewolf, bark!
Basically, all you've got to do is pull off a huge show!
Basically, Mahiru views you as I view Elza.
Basically, we have cutting-edge facilities!
Bathed in the light of S4, Kasumi Mahiru's own brilliance was intensified.
Bathing in the spotlight supottoraito abitara Bathing in the spotlight supottoraito abitara They taught us so many important lessons.
Battle of the Kasumi Sisters!
Battle of the Kasumi Sisters.
B-Bonjour, Yume-san!
B-But...
B-But, are you sure about this?
B-But everyone around here knows who Laura is, so I'm sure she'll have no trouble.
B-But I still have things to accomplish in S4.
B-But of course, A-Ayumi-san.
B-But the offer was only for the four of you who did last year's Christmas show.
B-But the offer was only for you four who did last year's Christmas show.
B-By the Demon Lord?
Bearing a feminine silhouette while maintaining a cool design, this is the Gothic Rose Coord.
Bearing a motif of sweet white and blue roses, it is a gothic coord which maintains its solemnity.
Be as a proud queen.
Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person
Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person Beautiful Person It's a beautiful person!
Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty
Beauty Beauty Beauty Beauty You did well to keep up with us.
Beauty Class!
Beauty Class Are you good at quizzes, Kokoro-chan?
- Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class
Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Believe it or not, she's Yozora-san's younger sister.
Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Yozora She's the S4 member who leads Four Star Academy's Beauty Class.
- Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class -
- Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class Theater Class and Beauty Class!
Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class That crescent moon was awesome.
Beauty Class Beauty Class Theater Class Theater Class Theater Class Theater Class This will be a one-on-one competition between their leaders, Kisaragi Tsubasa and Kasumi Yozora!
Beauty Class gave us the academy's first-ever sister face off.
Beauty Class gave us the academy's first-ever sister face-off.
Beauty Class, Kasumi Mahiru!
Beauty Class, Kasumi Yozora.
Beauty Class, Kasumi Yozora. And finally...
Beauty Class lessons ended early, so I came to watch you.
Beauty Class's new S4 representative is Kasumi Mahiru!
Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Beauty Class Star Captor Festival Idols are like the myriad shining stars in the sky.
Beauty Class took the crown of Winter Fest.
Beauty flows from within.
Beauty flows out from within.
Beauty overflows from within.
Be careful, I think I saw it!
Be careful not to get in the way.
Be careful or you'll catch a cold out here.
Because...
Because... because dreams...
Because everyone helped to lift my spirits.
Because here, it would be easier to attract people who just so happened to be passing through the park.
Because I am! I was excited the entire time we were covering her.
Because I am Shiratori Hime.
Because I can only be myself!
Because I don't share them...
Because... I have to make Elza-sama...
Because I'll catch up before you know it.
Because I love Aikatsu too!
Because I'm half-baked...
Because I'm serious, I don't want to lose, and because I don't want to lose, I can work hard.
Because I need to practice more.
Because it looked like fun!
Because it's pointless if I don't do it today.
Because... I've admired you forever, and now you're right in front of me...
- Because... I've always admired you, and now you're right in front of me...
Because I've always wanted to perform with Koharu-chan, and I still do!
Because I've always wanted to perform with Koharu-chan, and I still do now!
Because I've been supported by many others as well.
- Because... I've looked up to you forever, and now you're right in front of me...
Because I would rather invite you to participate in our Halloween Night.
Because my dream is also to join S4.
Because my inspiration...
Because of everyone, I've grown into who I am today.
Because of that, I never got the chance to do any stand-out activities.
Because of that, I never got the chance to showcase myself.
Because only the top four idols can be in it, right?
Because only the top four idols make it in, right?
Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in
Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in itsu no ma ni ka ookiku natta mirai wo mitsumetara We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big
Because our iteration of S4 will be graduating soon.
Because our S4 with these members will be graduating soon.
Because Saotome put her soul into the role, the resulting work was given depth.
Because Saotome put her soul into the role, the work itself was given depth.
- Because she'll be graduating at the end of her third year, the S4 spot fell to Ako-chan in second.
- Because she saved Miranda we're giving her the OK - m 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 - M 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 Whoa, the staff have given her a special OK!
Because that's...
Because they have the will to fly.
Because... they have wings.
Because this won't be finished until you color it.
Because those children...
Because today, you're...
Because we have various individualities, it is only natural for there to be various methods of training as well.
Because, well...
Because we're making our solo debuts.
Because we want to see you smile, I'm sure.
Because we want to see you smile, I think.
Because you get the chance to eat Yume-chan's cooking?
Because you never back down even in a pinch makesou na toki mo megenai kimi Because you never back down even in a pinch makesou na toki mo megenai kimi Because you never back down even in a pinch makesou na toki mo megenai kimi - Yes! - Yes!
Because you obtained Star Wings, Elza's dream is on the cusp of coming true.
Because you're getting the chance to eat Yume-chan's cooking?
Because you're my precious friend.
Because you're worried that you'll never be able to surpass her thanks to your admiration?
Because you're worried that you won't ever surpass her since you admire her so much?
Because you were always there for me, I've been able to come this far.
Become!
become the first star.
Become the first-star.
Become the first star idol!
Become the first-star idol!
Become the first-star idol.
- Become the First-Star Idol.
- Become the first star of idols!
Become the world's brightest star shining more brilliantly than all the rest.
Becoming a model, becoming a patissiere, becoming an idol.
Be defensive when necessary, but ever ready to put everything on the table when the time is right.
Before departing on my journey...
Before I tell you the results, there's a question I'd like you to answer.
Before that can happen, you'll need to be the first star.
Before that can happen, you'll need to be the first-star.
Before that, may I have some time to focus my mind?
- Before that, what are you doing here?
Before the show begins, we have a few announcements for our guests.
Before we begin, I must give you a few tips on how to interact with the children.
Before we begin, I must teach you a few key points about how to interact with the children.
Before we do, may I lay out one condition?
Before we do, may I set a condition?
Before we go, you will be disembarking from this ship.
Before we go, you will disembark from this ship.
Before we knew what was happening, the headmaster sent us to be exchange students at Venus Ark, where we'll learn more about Star Premium Rare Coords.
Begin!
begins anew.
Begin the Venus Wave.
Begin the Yuzu-sama capture plan!
B e h i n d e v e r y p a g e I t u r n I f i n d a n e w y o u p e e j i w o m e k u r u t a b i n
Behind-the-scenes stuff is so interesting!
Behind the scenes stuff just seemed so interesting to me.
Behold!
Behold! A place filled with the history of dresses, music, and dances from around the globe!
Behold this starry sky.
Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Looks of pain and regret
Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Start Line!
Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret
Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Start Line!
Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret
Being able to return once again after an entire year is making my heart dance!
Being able to return once again after an entire year is making my heart twinge!
Being able to see her again is amazing!
Being able to walk the streets of Paris with you makes me so happy!
Being an actress was fun.
Being an admin...
Being away for a while strengthened my conviction that my place was with Ichigo and Aoi.
Being called entertaining doesn't make me the least bit happy!
Being called Hime-senpai's successor really threw me off.
Being here reminds me of when we first started school.
Being in S4 is a constant fight against time.
Being in S4 means a constant fight against time.
Being myself is what's most important.
Being on national TV is a huge opportunity.
Being pretty has nothing to do with shearing.
Being serious makes you shine even brighter!
Being together and sharing the same time is the best way to do that.
Being with her allows me to be myself.
Being with one another and doing things together is the best way to do that.
Being with you is exciting.
Being with Yume drew the best out of me.
Being with Yume encouraged me to work hard.
Be it end in tears or laughter, this is it.
Belief in myself?
Believe in me.
Believe in yourself, Yume.
Believe it or not, Akari-chan is a weather idol!
Believe it or not, but Akari-chan is a weather idol!
Believe it or not, just one short year ago these two were classmates at Four Star Academy!
Believe it or not, you can form any unit you want regardless of year or class.
Believe that she still treasures each of you as much as she has.
Be-li-lieve it or not, we've got a surprise guest for you!
Below that is the post-play performance program.
Below them are us admins in charge of student council work and managing things around the academy.
Be more confident.
Be on the lookout for it.
Berry Parfait!
Berry Parfait is meant to bring out the best and brightest in everyone.
Berry Parfait's Premium Rare Dress release is fast approaching.
Be safe!
Beseech me to your hearts' content, but I will not budge.
Besides...
Besides, after this is a one-on-one battle between Kasumi and Elza Forte.
Besides, anyone who would betray their fans has no right to call themselves an idol.
Besides, a teacher always wants to help her students thrive.
Besides, I'm sure I can study fashion while I'm in Italy anyway.
Besides, it's a teacher's joy to help her precious students.
Besides, it's unbelievably irritating to hear how worried you are when you have me and Yuzu-senpai with you.
Besides, I wanted Mom and Dad to try them too.
Besides, seeing someone you care about smile makes you happy yourself.
Besides, the high school's right over there.
Besides, you've got me, too.
Be silent!
Be still, my heart.
Besting the current S4 and ascending into S4 reborn would be far more dramatic.
Besting the current S4 to take their thrones would be far more dramatic.
Be strong, and don't lose to anyone.
Best wishes.
Be sure to arrive two hours before we go live.
Be sure to do lots of Aikatsu with us from now on!
Be sure to eat your fill.
Be sure to get us some laughs with your usual gags, boiled octopus.
- Be sure to get us some laughs with your usual gags, tomato.
Be sure to have fun with your whole family, Mama Mahiru!
Be sure to keep an eye out for Futaba Aria-chan!
Be sure to recognize yourself for everything you've done.
Be sure to save room for the Japanese desserts.
Be sure to sign a CD for me!
Be sure to sign my CD!
Be sure to tune in!
Be sure to watch our new show, Aikatsu Friends!
Be sure to write us.
Be the First Star!
- Be the First-Star Idol.
Be the world's brightest star!
Better be prepared!
Better give it a taste.
Be warned that we have harsh standards.
Be well!
Be well.
Beyond every winter awaits spring.
Beyond the dynamic umami lies a delicate and complex flavor.
Beyond the Rainbow.
Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird
Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird Big Bird The three of them are so busy this week that
Bigger smiles!
Big news?
Big problem, President!
Big trouble!
Bikutorii... victory.
Bikutori... victory.
Bingo!
Birds tweet, flowers blossom, and even Saturn dances with joy, yet something is still missing.
- Birds tweet, flowers blossom, and even Saturn dances, yet something is still missing.
- Birds twitter, flowers bloom, and even Saturn dances with joy, yet something is still missing.
Bird Theater Class, Saotome Ako!
Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ The 2016 Koukadou Campaign
Blam!
Blam! An explosive piece of art!
Blaze! Star-Snatching Fest!
"Bleh"...
Bleh!
Blinded by the light of the sun, I was only looking at Elza-san.
- Block play - Looks like you've barely changed.
Bloom and flourish, my dress!
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Perfect Queen's Blooming Queen Coord.
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord The Blooming Queen Coord entrances
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord You're the only person in the whole world who can wear
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord The starry sky brought an even greater gleam to your wings.
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Elza-san's Star Premium Rare Coord was lovely!
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord It's a dress fit for a queen, and to bring out your brilliance!
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord With our grab bag plan!
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Yeah! Star Wings will be a big part of new Aikatsu!
Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord You're the only person in the whole world who can wear the Venus Star Premium Rare Coord well, Elza-sama!
Blooming with magnificent flowers, it is a Premium Rare Dress fit for a queen.
Blossom in glory, my dress!
Blowing on my sweet, oh so sweet hot milk fuu amai amai hotto miruku Blowing on my sweet, oh so sweet hot milk fuu amai amai hotto miruku Cooling it down with a little wish samashinagara tonaeru no Cooling it down with a little wish samashinagara tonaeru no May I be able to have sweet dreams tonight
Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord My new school dress is
Blue Marching Coord Blue Marching Coord The nonchalantly added rock bits to the design draw out your individuality.
Blue roses are my signature motif.
- Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type - Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform - Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed - Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type
Boat Rentals Boat Rentals You're probably thirsty.
Body Bird?
Bodybird Bodybird Bodybird Bodybird Bodybird And our very own Tsubasacchi is playing Bird, the lead heroine!
Boiled octo.
Boiled octopus?
Boiled octopus.
Boiled octopus, you'll be in the cooking segment today, so be careful not to end up as part of the recipe.
Bon appétit! It's Chef Asahi's special curry mochi soup.
Bon Bon Voyage!
Boney Boney Brothers Boney Boney Brothers Boney Boney Brothers Boney Boney Brothers Rank 1 Rank 1 Rank 1 Rank 1 The Boney Boney Brothers clear the prelims at the top of the rankings!
Bonjour!
Bonjour! Are you all doing well?
Bonjour! It has been a long time.
Bonjour, Rei.
Bonjour, Yume-san.
Bon Voyage!
- Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party
- Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another Sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte Separate the blue and cut through the wind - toranku ippai ni yume tsumekonda nara - Fill your suitcase to the brim with all your dreams
- Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another Sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte Separate the blue and cut through the wind Your passionate Aikatsu was wonderful!
- Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru Separate the blue and cut through the wind sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte
- Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru Separate the blue and cut through the wind sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte New Year Idol Hidden Talent Carnival New Year Idol Hidden Talent Carnival New Year Idol Hidden Talent Carnival
Boo, boo, boo! You're the only one Miranda likes, Rei-chan!
Books free me from my confines and lead me to lands of fantasy.
Boom, boom! Fweet, fweet!
Boss, I've brought the whole investigation squad.
Both cakes and dresses follow that reason.
Both in Italy and at Venus Ark.
Both of our dreams will be coming true at once.
Both of them are Venus Ark school dresses.
Both of them are Venus Ark's school dresses.
Both of them put on powerful performances and went way up the Aikatsu Ranking.
Both of you?
Both of you have helped me out so much before.
Both performances were an emotional express!
Both smiles and tears are valuable experiences you should use to shine even brighter.
Both the candy and the closing party.
Both the coord and her sense!
Both you and Elza are our absolute guiding stars.
Bouldering is a sport where you climb up a rock wall without using a rope.
Bouncily!
Bound by chains wrapped tightly around her heart tojikomerareteita no wa kokoro Unable to escape she forgets even how to sing nigedasazu sono ba de uta koto mo wasure Unable to escape she forgets even how to sing nigedasazu sono ba de uta koto mo wasure Unable to escape she
Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella!
- Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella Bountiful spring veggies,
- Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait
Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait - Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella - Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait
Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait Doesn't it sound yummy?
Bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella Luxuriously warm deluxe happy parfait It's a traditional meal from your home, New Zealand.
Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut
Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut VIP Ticket VIP Ticket Kizaki Rei Brand Debut Kizaki Rei Brand Debut
- Brand Muse Announcement! - Brand Muse Announcement!
Bravo.
Break a leg!
Break time!
Bring it back to your home immediately.
Bring it on!
Bring it on. Hurry up and reach me, Mahiru!
Bring it on, I won't lose!
Bring it out.
Bring Kirara along to work!
Bring out all of your power and face what comes.
Bring out all of your power and face whatever may come.
Bring out all of your power and stand firm.
Bring out more, more, and more of your passion!
Broadway Dream.
- Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream
- Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream
- Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream - Broadway Dream The Broadway Dream show!
Broadway☆Dream Broadway☆Dream Broadway☆Dream Broadway Dream Information Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session
Broadway Dream Broadway Dream Broadway Dream Stage Director Kisaragi Tsubasa Stage Director Kisaragi Tsubasa Producer Nikaidou Yuzu Producer Nikaidou Yuzu SD Assistant Nijino Yume SD Assistant Nijino Yume Organization Shiratori Hime Organization Shiratori Hime Costumes Kasumi Yozora Costumes Kasumi Yozora Makeup Kasumi Mahiru Makeup Kasumi Mahiru SD Assistant?
Broadway Dream Info Session Broadway Dream Info Session And show everyone a fantastic show!
- Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session
- Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session This place is packed.
- Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session I'd like to begin the information session for the Broadway Dream show.
- Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session Mahiru-chan! Ako-chan!
- Broadway Dream Info Session - Broadway Dream Info Session Yeah.
- Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater
- Broadway Dream - Theater - Broadway Dream - Theater It's my first time making a stage from scratch. I can't contain my excitement!
Brothers - Boney Boney Brothers - Rank 1 - Rank 1 - Rank 1 - Rank 1 They jumped right into first place!
Bub-bub-bub bubbly shu shu shu shuwawa Bub-bub-bub bubbly shu shu shu shuwawa Happy Happy Punch, hey sister!
Build upon that skill and you'll be able to claim your spot in the Ranking.
Bullying? Don't make false accusations.
Burn!
- Burn! - Burn! - Burn! - Hustle Idol Fest!!
Burn... burn-taiyaki...
Burning red with the flame of battle, the Girls Flag Coord.
Burning Summer Dance Battle!
- Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle Burning Summer Dance Battle?
- Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle
- Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle Isn't this that famous dance competition held up on the plateau each summer?
- Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle - Burning Summer Dance Battle Here, check it out!
Burn! Star Captor Fest!
Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Have you all visited Aikatsu Island yet?
Bus Route See you again!
Bust down the gates of your own future!
Busted!
But!
But...
But after a certain point, she began to rely on a mysterious power on stage.
But Aikatsu isn't about winning or losing.
But Alice-chan looks liberated.
But all of the staff are drawing out one hundred percent— No, even more of Yozora-senpai and Hime-senpai's appeal.
But a lot of students only barely make it even after lots of cramming.
But anyway, I hope I get to see Hime-senpai tomorrow!
But aren't you feeling that way because you tried your hardest?
But Aria-chan's trying to discover something important about herself.
But as hard as it is, the staff are all pros with pride in their work.
But as I kept doing it over and over, I started losing my voice after every performance.
But as I'm always telling you, when you know you're going to be late, call me on your Aikatsu Mobiles.
But at some point, I started to see a different kind of idol emerge, and devoted myself to embracing that.
But at the end, we always smiled together!
But at the same time, I am also an actress.
But at this point...
But because this was our final showdown...
But because you were there, I had fun.
But before that, as Chief Producer Yuzu, I want to go over everyone's positions.
But before that, I want to go over everyone's positions as Chief Producer Yuzu.
But before that, S4's having a concert.
But before that, there's something I absolutely have to get.
But before they go on, let's interview them while they're still on standby.
But be sure to come a bit early, because we've got something special planned.
But both of them are important, so be sure to think it through.
But by yourself...
But Christmas Eve is going to be tough.
But Christmas is the dead of winter in Japan. He'd catch a cold here.
But come on! It's not every day you see them fighting!
But curry...
But dancing is supposed to be fun.
But deep inside, Laura must desperately want to see Yume.
But despite the short length, it'll put a large burden on the staff.
But doesn't she care about her own Aikatsu?
But does that mean that you can't have fun if you're not serious?
But do I even have any of that?
But do I even have any of those?
But don't be deceived.
But don't expect another second chance.
But don't get overconfident.
But don't go past your limits.
But don't worry! I'm in tip-top shape!
But don't you think they'd mind?
But dresses alone don't decide the fight.
But each of them still commands a huge fanbase.
But Elza-chan has no rivals, does she?
But Elza-sama always says in the world of idols, the weak are meat the strong do eat.
but Elza-san really is incredible.
But Elza-san really is incredible.
But even a short scene will put a large burden on the staff.
But even first-years like us have the opportunity to play students of the school.
But even if I left now, there's no guarantee I'll make it...
But even if she did, Kirara, Aria, and I would never abandon her or leave the ship.
But even more important than that is what's next.
But even now, I still don't feel like I can beat Elza-san.
But even us first-years have the opportunity to play students of the school.
But even without that card, the two of us are always together.
But even with you here, we only have six.
But even you can't make a one-man band.
- But every once in a while I know you like to get your horror fix.
But every once in a while, you like to get your horror fix.
But everyone on set is a professional who takes pride in their work.
But everything here only has you as the leader.
But forget me, you're really into this, Lilienne!
but forgot to hand them out.
But French is right up your alley.
But from here on out, it will be just one part of who I am as an idol.
But from now on I won't sing just to win!
But from now on, I won't sing just to win!
But from there, she scraped her way up in an effort to surpass me.
But from there, she worked desperately to surpass me.
But getting scared and running away just because of that isn't like me.
But getting scared of losing and running away isn't like me.
But guess not!
But have I truly the ability to stand by your side?
- But having someone close by to show you your potential is truly fortunate.
But hey, honestly, it really doesn't bother me how you won.
- But his biggest hit was "Burn at the Sun".
But honestly, everyone looks so much nicer.
But honestly, it didn't really feel like a graduation.
But honestly, you don't need to stress yourselves out.
But how?
But how are you going to carry it all?
But how are you supposed to dance in it?
But how could I resist all the enticing smells?
But how does that connect to going against the flow of a conveyor belt?
But how is Hotaru-senpai related to the conversation we had?
But how will it play out in the end?
But I...
But, I...
But I already know.
But I already made a promise with the kids...
But I am...
But I cannot believe the same of you.
But I cannot bring myself to ask Subaru-kyun about his plans...
But I can't afford to give up.
But I can't be without her...
But I can't claim the same for myself.
But I can't hear the sound of the wind or the trees.
But I can't hear the sound of the wind or trees.
But I can't help but feel like there must've been something more I could've done.
But I can't leave the shop unattended...
But I can't take any time off from work, and the deadline is almost here.
But I didn't even ask yet!
But I do feel better now.
But I don't know how...
But... I don't remember doing that.
But I don't understand.
But I don't want to waste all the effort you girls put into this.
But I ended up losing to Elza-san...
But I feel differently.
But if I abandoned someone in distress, I wouldn't be able to enjoy dancing.
But if I can't accomplish anything, I'll be dropped from my position.
But if I ignored a kid in distress, I wouldn't be able to enjoy dancing.
- But if it's too sunny, then it'll get too hot.
But if I were to abandon a job for the party, Hime-senpai and everyone else wouldn't be able to enjoy it.
But if my precious admins collapsed, I'd be in a pickle.
But if that happens...
But if there's too much sun, it'd get too hot.
But if we move in that direction, we'll need to completely change the wardrobe from traditional Edo garb.
- But if you ask me, he probably only did it because he believed in you.
But if you ask me, he probably only did it because he believes in you.
- But if you ask me, I think he only did it because he believes in you.
But if you could, that would be a big step towards S4.
But if you don't scare me, then baa!
- But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - Mou namida wo fuitara hora kirameku taiyou mieta!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!!
But if you run away because you're scared, then your dream will never come true.
But if you run away because you're scared, your dream will never come true.
But if you were, that would be a huge step closer to S4.
But I guess Hime-senpai could probably handle it solo.
But I had already realized it myself.
But I haven't even asked yet!
But I haven't matched Onee-chan yet.
But I haven't prepared a dress for today.
But I heard that everyone who did come left very satisfied.
But I heard that Spice Chord is supposed to give off a cool image.
But I heard that those who did come left very satisfied.
But I... I just wanted Koharu-chan to be happy...
But I... I really... wanted to win!
But... I just can't accept that!
But I knew it myself, too.
but I'll keep on working hard at my Aikatsu so I'm not left behind.
But I'll work hard to quickly catch up and go beyond where they stood!
But I love my Papa just as much!
But imagination alone will never change anything.
But imagination alone will not change anything.
But... I'm anxious.
But I'm certain that we saw...
But... I'm even more scared to give up my dream of S4.
But I'm gonna make it!
But I'm good enough to fully make use of it.
But I'm in charge of makeup...
But I'm just not brave enough.
But I'm not an idol...
But I'm not even an idol...
But I'm not going to give up.
But I'm not gonna lose!
But I'm not the one working.
But I'm scared of taking the stage!
But I'm so nervous it feels like my heart's going to jump out of my throat!
But I'm still scared.
But I'm sure they'll understand if I explain myself.
But I must not let it end with a second Yukino Hotaru.
But I must surpass her.
But... I'm worried.
- But in almost no time at all, they'll pass by without a trace.
But I never once thought about giving up.
But I, Nijino Yume, will put everything I have into beating her!
- But in S4, I will come into my own!
But in the end...
But in the end, we always smiled together!
But in the end, we've always smiled together!
But in the meantime, you're prohibited from physical activity.
But in the very end, I lost.
But in time, they became unable to constrain the light of her individuality.
But I plan to love and develop it in my own, personal, way!
But I plan to love and develop it in my own way!
But I prefer grasping victory with my hands alone.
But I prefer snatching victory with my hands alone.
But I promise it's something you'll all love!
But is it worth burying your own desires in an attempt to live up to your parents' expectations?
But is it worth burying your own desires just to answer your parents' expectations?
But isn't Yuzu-senpai your childhood friend, Lily-senpai?
But I still don't understand what she means by saying she's "serious".
But I still don't understand what she means when she says she's "serious".
But I still want to see more!
But I swear I'll endure it!
- But it came out looking great because of all your efforts.
But it doesn't bother me one bit.
But it gets me going! With a family so ingrained into the industry, she must be able to get advice about anything Aikatsu.
But it is possible that they may not find the real one for all eternity.
But it looks like you found others to be by your side.
But it makes me feel sorry.
But it says here that you're the only leader for each thing.
But it's been so long! How've you been?
- But it seems a large portion of students just barely make it after lots of cramming.
But it seems my worries were misplaced if a girl like this is there.
But it's exactly the same as the first time!
But it's hard to pass up an opportunity to be with Tsubasa-senpai, considering she's in S4.
But it should be impossible to get a train moving without electricity, even for you.
But it's important to know.
But it's important you knew.
But it's impossible to stay alongside it.
But it's kind of fun!
But it's not all bad.
But it's not like I expected otherwise!
But it's only going to get harder from here on out.
But it's really good!
But it's so early.
But it's starting to hit me that I actually got a Star Premium Rare Coord.
But it's still chocolate.
But it's sunny out.
But it's too dangerous.
But it's too late for that...
But it takes a lot to bridge that gap.
But it was a very, very fun race!
But it wasn't those that surprised me, but how much effort you put in beforehand.
But it won't be decided just on the stage!
But it won't fit without some work.
But it won't happen again.
But it would just be baa if I was by myself.
But I understand how they feel.
But I understand, since I feel the same way.
But I understand, since I'm the same.
But I've got something else scheduled before it.
But I've got something else scheduled right before.
But I've gotta work even harder at it.
But I've never done it before!
But I've never seen a coord with wings like hers before.
But I want to be an idol who's considerate of others and always willing to extend a helping hand.
But I want to do everything I possibly can as your manager.
But I want to finish it with my own two hands.
But I want to train.
But I was mistaken.
But I was worried we'd miss her performance otherwise!
- But I will come into my own as S4!
But I will come into my own in S4!
But I will not permit there to be a second Yukino Hotaru.
But I won't get any points unless I clear this stage and perform.
But I won't give up!
But I won't give up either!
But I won't lose next time.
But just that isn't enough to guarantee Elza-chan's win, don't you think?
But keep it under control.
But Kirara's cute, so you can't blame her!
But Kirara wants to know more about you two.
But Koharu, why are you here?
But Lady Hime...
But let me say this...
But like I keep telling you, if you know you're going to be late, call me on your Aikatsu Mobiles.
But Lily-chan, I'm surprised you remembered what I said.
But Lily-senpai's known Yuzu-senpai ever since they were little, and they're always on the same page!
But Lily-senpai's known Yuzu-senpai since they were little, and they're always on the same page!
But Mahiru-chan doesn't seem happy about it.
But Mahiru-chan's been shooting up the ranks.
But Mahiru didn't give any ground.
But make sure not to let anyone know.
But Mama!
But man, it's another Christmas with just the guys.
But maybe Hime-senpai will be able to pull through even solo.
But maybe she got overenthusiastic and split the Earth!
But meanwhile, you have to stay away from physical activity.
But Miss!
But more importantly, I want everyone watching, as well as Elza-san and the others performing, to shine together with me.
But most importantly, how do you yourself feel about it?
But most importantly, this is our last chance to compete with the third-years on the same stage.
But most importantly, this is out last chance to compete with our senpai on the same stage.
But my birthday's not until next month.
But my gut is telling me that it's too different.
But my gut is telling me that it's too different than usual.
But my true goal is shining far beyond the sun...
But my true goal shines far beyond the sun...
But my victory was only natural.
- But Nijino-san, I'm sure you have lots of offers for shows that give far more points.
But Nijino-san, I'm sure you have plenty of offers for shows that give far more points.
- But Nijino-san, you should already have plenty of show offers that give far more points.
But Nijino Yume, I shall offer you my services on goodwill.
But Nijino Yume, I will offer you my services on goodwill.
But Nikaidou Yuzu's gonna be here for the second year in a row!
But nobody cares about mine...
But no matter what, it will be mine.
But no matter what, I will be that person.
But no one can shine alongside a star so bright.
But not anymore.
But not even you can get a train moving without electricity.
But nothing's changed from before!
But now...
But now I am being driven by a new ambition.
But now, I am driven by new ambitions.
But now I have a new dream—nay, a goal.
But now, I have new aspirations.
But now I know that I can't just do that.
But now I'm certain that isn't good enough.
But now I need to pick a dress...
But now I want to improve for all the fans who support me.
But now Kirara's excited!
But now Koharu-chan is going to help out Berry Parfait as a designer.
But now, she's no longer just someone I admire, but my pride and joy.
But now that I know I want to be a designer, I feel that time has come.
But now that I look...
But now that I'm aiming to become a designer, I feel that time has come.
But now that I'm done...
But now that that's done, I'm feeling restless stuck in my room.
But now the Final Tournament is upon us.
But now we want to continue our Aikatsu here no matter what!
But of course!
But of course.
But of course, Ayumi-san.
But of course! I had already known that from the start.
But of course. That's exactly right, Ayumi-san.
But of course! We've been preparing for this day for a very long time.
But once I'm there, I'll go from live house to live house, doing my Aikatsu.
But one day... I want to spread my wings in the great blue sky!
But one day... I want to spread my wings in the vast blue sky!
But one day, they simply disappeared.
But only S4 are allowed their own brands.
But only the winner of the tournament can rightfully be called the world's best idol.
But other than S4, who else could manage to pair up with Yuzu-senpai?
But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it
But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it Felicitaiyaki?!
But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it honki no kimi wo matteru Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be
But out of nowhere, Onee-chan said she was going to apply to Four Star Academy.
But outside of S4, who could manage to pair up with Yuzu-senpai?
But please, would you consider waiting at least until I pry the meaning out of Elza's words?
But put them together, and they become a shining star that illuminates the darkness.
- But put them together, they are a shining star the illuminates the darkness.
But rather than being feared, she enjoys high popularity as a respected senpai.
But really, thank you.
But really, what happened?
But really, you all have such unique hairstyles.
But right now...
But right now I need some alone time to think. Maybe next time.
But right now, there's one single thing I have that you can't defeat.
But right now, there's one thing I have that you can't match.
But right now, the students are more important.
But! Scaring everyone like that is...
But seeing Nijino Yume made me realize that idols are more than just perfection.
But seeing the smiling faces of those girls made me realize.
But seriously, how am I supposed to act well enough?
But, she...
But she cares more about Venus Ark, and about all of you.
But she cares more about Venus Ark, and more about all of you, than that.
But she didn't say anything about how adorable you all are!
But she's on a different level than I imagined.
But sitting on the sidelines sounds boring, so maybe I'll join in and report too!
But someone might show up today.
But something about it feels wrong.
But something feels off.
But soon after...
But still...
But still, how am I supposed to know which'll be the most fun?
But still, I don't have the confidence to go through with my solo live.
But still, I want to beat her and have my CD debut!
- But thankfully, Elza-san had not lost her passion for Aikatsu.
- But thankfully, Elza-san still retained her passion for Aikatsu.
But that doesn't mean I don't still want to beat you.
But that doesn't mean she has to quit Aikatsu and go home.
But that doesn't mean you should overlook the first-years.
But that girl with the ribbon said so too.
But that hair is like a huge abyss.
But that hardly matters...
But that has no weight in the matter.
But that... I don't remember.
But that isn't enough to guarantee Elza-chan's victory, don't you think?
But that just doesn't sit right with me.
But that just inspired Lily-senpai to dream even bigger.
- But that'll put her head to head with Yume-chan.
But that'll put her right up against Yume-chan.
- But that'll put her up against Yume-chan.
But that means...
But that personality of hers is a big benefit to her Aikatsu.
But that proves I was serious.
But that's easier said than done.
But that's exactly what I wanted to prevent.
But that's exactly why it's worth doing.
But that's just an excuse.
But that's just like you!
But that's no reason to leave...
But that's not all!
But that's not all there is to it!
But that's nothing to worry about.
But that's not how you really feel.
But that's only because Shiratori Hime graduated.
But that's the wall we must overcome.
But that strictness is the key to Theater Class's high level of performance.
But that's what gets me going!
But that's what we must overcome.
But that's why I don't want to lose!
- But that's why she's our leader!
- But that's why she's our leader! She never gives up!
- But that's why she's our leader! That girl never gives up until the end!
But that was a foolish belief.
But that would disqualify her.
But that would make this the end of Lily-senpai's tour!
But... the alternative is giving up on my dream of S4.
But the Dance Class admins are in a pinch!
But the Dance Class admins don't have anyone to turn to!
But the direct train to the plateau is departing soon.
But the fun and games end here.
But the light of my Aikatsu was unable to reach her.
But the mood isn't exactly right.
But the most important thing is what you want to convey to the viewers, don't you think?
But the most important thing may be the willingness to complement each other.
But then...
But then again, you're really good at all sorts of competitions, Elza-chan.
But then again, you're strong when it comes to competitions, Elza-chan.
But then... are you going to give up Aikatsu?
But then everything changes when they form a rock band.
But then, how am I supposed to know which'll be the most fun?
But then I met Ako-chan, and we did those presentations together.
But then I realized that I shouldn't think like that.
But then I saw that the radiance of a single star could cause all the stars around it to shine and illuminate the entire sky.
but then she couldn't even finish that last performance.
But then she went off ahead to Four Star alone!
But then, you...
But then you'll have way too much on your plate!
But then you managed to balance both your own role and theirs.
- But then your own performance shall suffer.
But then your own performance would suffer.
But the one thing I need first is a Star Premium Rare Coord...
But the one thing I need to have first is a Star Premium Rare Coord...
But the only ones she's torn up are the ones I didn't have much confidence in to begin with.
But the only ones that get shredded are ones that I'm not confident in or sure of.
But there are people who will accept you and prop you back up.
- But there are so many other girls much better at singing than me.
- But there are so many other girls so much better at singing than me.
But there are so many other girls who are much better at singing than me.
But there are some things you'll never learn about yourself unless you lose.
But there are those who will accept you and prop you back up.
But there is a reason.
But there's a hint of sweetness.
But there's a trace of sweet.
But there's just something lacking if your only trait is being cool.
But there's no need to worry.
But there's not enough of us.
But there's no way Lily-senpai would ever say anything meaningless.
But there's one thing I know for sure.
- But there's one thing I'm sure I know.
But there's one thing more important than all that.
But there's something I just had to tell you now.
- But there's still one thing I know for sure.
But there's still so much more for her to learn.
But there was just one girl who stood out from all the rest.
But there was one girl who stood out from all the rest.
But the thing is, me and Laura are true rivals, so we're close friends too.
But the thing is, not even we have any idea what's awaiting us!
But the work of an admin is Aikatsu too.
But they acted like it was really there...
But they gave me permission to do what I truly wanted to.
But they're all moving the same...
But they're all still moving the same way...
But they're both blue...
But they're in S4.
But they're not because I relied too much on the power.
But they told me to pursue what I truly wanted to.
But this and that are different. Say what you may, but I will still refuse.
But this could be their chance.
But this event doles out lots of points.
But this is Aikatsu that I can call my own.
but this is even more than I imagined.
But this isn't like that.
But this isn't like that. This just hurts.
But this isn't the end.
But this isn't the time to be sitting still!
But this is the only time we'll ever get to play with our friends at Rock Koshien.
But this is the only time we'll ever have to play with our friends at Rock Koshien.
But this is your last chance to make it to the Final Tournament...
But this is your last chance to make the Final Tournament...
But this time, she's talking about retiring.
But those are the only words I can offer you.
Butting heads and occasionally quarreling is proof that you are both serious.
Butting heads and occasionally quarreling is proof that you both are serious.
But to be honest, while I am looking forward to it, I'm also kind of scared.
But to concede and go in person...
But to do so would be to admit...
But together with you, we'll be able to make FuwaFuwa Dream shine even brighter!
But to get one for myself, I need them all.
But to qualify for it, you need to be one of the top four idols.
But to think she would obtain a Star Premium Rare Coord...
But to think that such a creature is in our school...
But to think that such a creature is inside our school...
But truthfully, I'm far too worried about you to feel like graduating.
But Tsubasa will be able to handle it.
But wait, weren't you going to make something else at first?
But wasn't that song sung by Onee-chan and Hime-senpai's S4?
But wasn't that the song sung by Onee-chan and Hime-senpai's S4?
But we cannot extend the time any longer.
But we can't let them stay ahead forever.
But we had to take a chance and try.
But we had to take any opportunity we could get.
But we have a responsibility to keep moving forward.
But we'll be the ones to win.
But we're in the middle of a lesson.
But we're the ones who should be thanking them for all their help.
But we still haven't found a single lead about the seventh lucky, the Tundra Diva.
But we still wanna do it!
But we want to express more than just the depth of the period, but also the breadth of the times...
But we want to include more than just the depth of the period, but also the breadth of the times...
But we were able to determine our enemy's base of operations.
But what about the last hint?
But what are we going to do? There isn't time to go through the whole process...
But what are you doing all the way out here?
But what brought you here?
But what could be their purpose?
But what does Hotaru-senpai have to do with what we were talking about?
But what do we need to get there?
But what exactly should I do?
But... what should I do?
But what should we do for the messages?
But what should we write on them?
But what's Tanabata?
But what's Tanabata supposed to be?
But what's this?!
But whenever I see her dance, any hardships just seem to fly away.
But when I close my eyes, I can hear what my heart is saying.
But when that happens, our fans are there to cheer us up.
But when the time for action comes, stop thinking and advance." I believe that time is now.
But when the time for action comes, stop thinking and advance." I have a premonition something will happen this year.
- But when you put them together, they will become a shining star the illuminates the darkness.
But when you use it for cooking, it takes on a sweet fragrance.
But where could there be a cave?
But where could we find a cave?
But where did Yuzu-senpai go right before her appearance?!
But where exactly?
But where's Taiyou-san in all this?
But which was the right choice?
But why?
But why?!
But why? Am I in trouble?
But why are you all here?
But why are you giving it to the first-years now?
But why didn't you tell us?
But why did the Headmaster pick you?
But why did the Headmaster pick you out?
But why did you enter with the name "Lunch"?
But why did you help us?
But why did you push yourself so hard in the first place?
But why do I sense storm clouds brewing?
But why for me?
But why four-leaf clovers, of all things?
But why help us?
But why is Cinderella so rotund?
But why me, of all people?
But why? Please tell me!
But why? Please tell me the reason!
But why push yourself to collapsing in the first place?
But why this all of a sudden?
But why would that allow you to go against the flow of a conveyor belt?
But why would you play here?
But why would you play it here?
But why? You're feeling so terrible.
But why? You're in horrible condition!
But will I really be able to finish it all?
But will you be okay? What about all of your other S4 work?
But within my breast, living deep inside my heart But within my breast, living deep inside my heart Elza-san?!
But without question, she saw what it is I can do.
But with so little time, even just memorizing the script would be incredibly difficult.
But yeah, I also can't help thinking that I don't want to lose.
But yeah, I can't stand losing to anyone myself.
But you aren't allowed any exercise during that period.
But you are scared of failing.
But you can't complain since it's for work.
But you could just hear the fun in her voice!
But you could really hear the fun in her voice!
But you just told me not to.
But you know, I wouldn't be able to do this without your help, Miss Romance.
But you'll be the one saying it to me next time.
But you managed to stay loose and act with confidence.
But you're already so occupied with S4 work.
- But you're certainly scared of failing.
But your efforts have made it exactly as I imagined.
But you're going on a Christmas date.
But you're so good at singing, Yume-chan.
But your frustration is a sign that you tried your hardest.
- But your own performance would suffer.
But you said you'd be scattered...
- But you stuck it out and it came out looking great.
But you stuck it out and the scene came out looking great.
But you've just got to do it, right?
But you were there for me the whole time.
But you won't get a second chance.
But Yume-chan, so long as your heart is strong, you'll be able to surmount any difficulties you may face.
But Yume-chan, so long as your heart is strong, you'll be able to surmount the difficulties you may face.
But Yume said she'd work hard.
By a landslide of votes...
By becoming one with nature, I can hone each of their powers.
By becoming one with nature, I can strengthen each of them.
Bye!
Bye.
Bye! And Merry Christmas!
Bye-bee!
Bye-bye!
Bye-bye.
Bye-bye! Take care!
Bye, catch you later!
Bye, girls.
Bye, I've got a lesson to get to.
Bye Koharu-chan, see you later.
Bye, Koharu-chan. See you later.
Bye now.
Bye, Yume. Make sure not to eat too much.
By god, that dress is marvelous!
By god, that dress is miraculous!
By honing the body and mind, one can objectively view oneself.
By my word...
By Perfect Elza?
By pitting them against one another, their hidden powers will be released.
By the Aikatsu System?
By the Aikatsu System.
By the time I came here, Rei-san was already focusing on supporting Elza-sama.
By the time I realized, my eyes were always chasing after you.
By the way, could we request that you do a different version too?
By the way, did you decide what song to sing?
By the way, have you decided what song you're using?
By the way, have you heard of The Best Music Show?
By the way, I had quite the ordeal getting here.
By the way, I have a request for you, Yume-chan.
By the way, is that Nanakura Koharu-chan inside that pumpkin?
By the way, Kanata-kun.
By the way, there's still the matter of my dress for the Selection.
By the way, the top pick is by and far Hanazono Kirara.
By the way, what brings the rest of you to this island?
By the way, what's the S in S4 really stand for?
By the way, where are we practicing?
By the way, where's Yume?
By the way, where's Yuzu-senpai?
By the way, why were you eating a pork cutlet bowl in the interrogation room?
By the way, you two are the first students from Four Star Academy to ever be invited.
- By using Grade-up Glitter, you'll be able to create Rare dresses.
By using Grade-Up Glitter, you'll be able to create Rare Dresses.
by your side, so never give up minna wo itsumo egao ni suru ne never give up Everyone can't help but smile by your side, so never give up minna wo itsumo egao ni suru ne never give up Say goodbye to those tears and take a step forth namida ni wa gubbai arukidasou
Bzz-bzzt!
- Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria
- Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria This is where we all come to do lunch and have a spot of girls talk.
- Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Cafeteria - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms This is where the students of our academy live.
called "Big is Splendiferous".
- Calling All Individualistic Idols!!
Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Sakuraba Laura did a lovely job and passed the Jewel Ice Cream audition.
Calling the fashion chief!
Call the others.
Call upon me until you are content, but I will not budge.
Calm down. Kirara looks sorry for what she did, so why not forgive her?
Calm down, Yume-chan.
Calm yourself, Investigator Mahiru.
Campaign Model Audition Campaign Model Audition - Calling All Individualistic Idols!!
- Campaign Model Audition - Campaign Model Audition - Calling All Individualistic Idols!! - Calling All Individualistic Idols!!
- Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign
- Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition We'll be holding a campaign unit audition instead.
Campfire!
camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora Onee-chan Onee-chan Invitation Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora Invitation Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora - Onee-chan - Invitation - Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a
Can!
Can can do Do It It Do!
Candidates for Theater Class's S4...
Can I come along?
Can I come along too?
Can I get a little help here?!
Can I grow as large and respectable as it?
Can I grow as tall and respectable as them?
Can I help you?
Can I help you with anything?
Can I interest you in Chef Asahi's special chocolate muffins?
Can I lend you a hand?
Can I open it?
Can I open this?
Can I put you on standby?
Can I really?
Can I really beat Laura's song with my own?
Can I really pull it off?
Can I really sell all these?
Can I really sell this many?
Can I take them as a declaration of rivalry?
Can I take them as a declaration to be my rival?
Can my singing really beat out Laura's?
Can shine through.
Can someone who's never been in love ever touch a person's heart through his performances?
Can't argue that.
Can that place even host a concert?
Can't sleep, Yume-chan?
- Can't stop self-producing just because it's Christmas.
Can't we get them up there somehow?
Can't you just read the lines straight out of the script?
Can't you see it's cosplay for Halloween?
Can't you tell from hearing their cheers?
Can't you tell how annoying you're being?!
Can't you tell, jumbo ribbon?
Can we?
Can we ask for a photo op with the new muse, Aria-san?
Can we ask you to be a stand-in?
Can we ask you to start us off with your performance?
Can we count on you?
Can we find them in time for the show?
Can we get a picture with you?
Can we not simply answer the most questions correctly?
Can we really do nothing for them?
Can we take a picture with you?
Can we? Yay!
Can you believe it?
Can you create a dress uniquely suited to yourself?
Can you handle it?
Can you handle this?
Can you hear it?
Can you hear that?
Can you not feel the gears of fate turning?
Can you put a few more on top?
Can you really afford to bask in her success?
Can you see how the four trees are joined at their roots?
Can you sing, Lilienne?
Can you tell us why?
Can you tell us your reason?
Captured by Lilienne again!
Care for some tea?
Care to explain?
Caroline!
Caroline?
Carol-tan is a super famous animal idol!
Carol-tan takes her work seriously, so she would never, ever walk away from a job she accepted!
Carpenter Ranger!
Carry a glass tower!
Carry a Glass Tower!
Cast and staff positions will be posted on KirakiLine.
Cast and staff positions will be posted online to KirakiLine.
Catching a glimpse of your shining figure kira kira shiteru kimi no sugata wo Catching a glimpse of your shining figure kira kira shiteru kimi no sugata wo Catching a glimpse of your shining figure kira kira shiteru kimi no sugata wo Is more than enough to fill me with strength
Catch me if you c...
Catch our Best of S4 album, Stars Shower!
Catchphrases?
Cause here, take a look.
'Cause if you did, there's no way you wouldn't be Kirara-chan's fan!
'Cause we're your fans!
C-Can you finish them all?
C-Coming.
C-Congratulations...
C-Could this be?
CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live Aikatsu Info-bits!
C... Ds!
CDs!
Center?
Center...
Certainly.
Certainly. Especially how the new S4 will be crowned entirely of first-and second-years.
Certainly. Especially since this may be the last time we can do so.
Certainly. The new S4 will be crowned, made up of the very top first-and second-years.
Certainly, you both have this cute and comfy air about you.
Challenge? Who?
Chance! Chance! Wow wow wow!!
Chances are meant to be made for yourself.
Change into a coord that suits you, and the show begins!
Changing their makeup seems to have cleared their hearts as well.
chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes
Charming new students have just matriculated.
Charming new students just matriculated.
Chase the Princess Diamond!!
Chase the Princess Diamond.
Chasing a new dream, Nijino Yume's about to start her Aikatsu!
Cheap tricks will never be able to catch her!
Check it!
Check this out!
Check this out.
Cheering for yourself, I see.
Cheers!
Cheers.
- Cherry, melo-melo-melon, punch!
Chi-chin pui-pui, chant the magic spell Make everyone pumpkinheads!
chichin puipui no mahou no jumon de konya kono machi wa carnival kabocha no obake ga odori daseba koumori no chorus tai utaidasu wa Don't tell me that's real magic!
Chicka chicka chicka...
Chief Editor?
Chief purser.
Chief, this is...
chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no
chikaou doryoku oshimanai Anytime, anywhere, I will remain prepared sugao no toki mo yudan shinai Anytime, anywhere, I will remain prepared sugao no toki mo yudan shinai The truth always lies in the heat of battle sou da shoubu wa uso tsukanai The truth always lies in the heat of battle
chikaou doryoku oshimanai Anytime, anywhere, I will remain prepared sugao no toki mo yudan shinai Anytime, anywhere, I will remain prepared sugao no toki mo yudan shinai - The truth always lies in the heat of battle - sou da shoubu wa uso tsukanai - The truth always lies in the heat of battle - sou da shoubu wa uso tsukanai
Chin up, now it's your turn to find it.
Chocolate Mint Refreshing mint and chocolate chips make for a slightly adult flavor Something like this.
Choosing which class to enter is another part of self-producing.
Chotto asetta painappo oh sonna banana A pineapple rolling away?
Chotto asetta painappo oh sonna banana - But what do you know, it feels pretty good - demo warukunai kono kanji - But what do you know, it feels pretty good - demo warukunai kono kanji It's like the sting of an exciting punch waku waku panchi na kanji It's like the sting of an exciting punch
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord Blooming Queen Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord
chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord
Choux creme and shortcake, even chocolate brownies!
Christmas comes during summer in New Zealand! Santa rides the waves to visit us.
- Christmas has got to be about self-producing.
Christmas is all about self-producing too.
Christmas! It's very Christmas!
City Meeting Hall City Meeting Hall But there must be space somewhere.
Class activities?
Classical music.
Classical music. It's Liebesträume by Franz Liszt.
Class is starting!
Class Sorting Audition I passed my audition for the Song Class, and everything seemed to be going my way.
Class, your test today will be jumping a vaulting box.
Cleaning again?
Cleanly beating ten others, competitor Yuzu has won the annual New Year Hanetsuki Tournament!
Clear the challenges, and be the last one remaining to win.
Clear your ears and listen closely.
- Cleverly carving a cool dance into your memories, Hira Kanata.
Click here to enter!!
Closer?
Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world
Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo
Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne When September comes we'll be sent far apart
Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart
Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite It will guide you with a
Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru
Closing down would be baa!
Clover! Come out, come out, wherever you are!
Cold!
Combo Combo Combo - Today's Lunch - Light and Fluffy Omelette Rice - Tomato Stuffed Cabbage Rolls - Mushroom Loaded Oriental Hamburg - M 741 647 l 745 617 l 818 624 l 811 653 - m 766 404 l 840 409 l 837 438 l 765 430 - m 766 404 l 840 409 l 837 438 l 765 430 - m 792 334 l 783 383 l 856 399 l 847 453 l 764 444 l 766 497 l 850 522 l 830 566 l 745 560 l 745 606 l 818 617 l 831 625 l 826 664 l 725 654 l 756 734 l 964 727 l 980 344
Come.
Come aboard my ship at once, and set your sights upon a new goal.
Come along.
Come along! Let's get started, Yume!
Come along now, we'll all go to different rooms.
Come along. Our next job is to set the dining room.
Come along with us.
Come along, your welcome party is all but ready to begin!
Come and check out our show too if you'd like.
Come and see.
- Come and see a fluffy sweet dream with Kirara!
Come and sightsee with me, Elza-sama!
Come back!
Come back any time you want, miss attendant!
Come back anytime you want, miss attendant!
Come back, you!
Come closer so I can see your face better, baby.
Come closer so that I can see your face better, baby.
- Come dream a fluffy sweet dream with Kirara!
Come have a fluffy sweet dream with Kirara!
Come have a sweet dream with Kirara!
Come here.
Come in!
Come in.
Come in at six AM tomorrow and check that all of our props are in order.
Come in at six AM tomorrow and check that all the props are in order.
Come, it's the beginning of a perfect night!
Come join me one day.
Come, let's find out just how beautiful and exotic the world is Bon Voyage!
Come, let's find out just how beautiful and exotic the world is sekai wa donna ni mo utsukushiku atarashii kana Bon Voyage!
Come, let's hurry.
Come, let's set sail!
Come, let us have lunch.
Come now everyone, let's bid our viewers farewell.
Come on!
Come on.
Come on...
Come on, Ako-chan! All our fans are waiting!
Come on, Ako-chan! Time's a wasting!
Come on, Ako-chan! Time's a-wasting!
Come on, don't let your stubbornness get the best of you.
Come on, don't say things like that.
Come on, get a move on!
Come on, girls. Back to our dressing room.
Come on, how many more times will it take until you're satisfied? It wasn't just me.
- Come on, I can't spoil the surprise.
Come on, if you start crying, I won't be able to.
Come on! I'm so excited for Christmas I can't hold back!
Come on in!
Come on in.
Come on in. So you came to watch?
Come on, investigation starts from the legs!
- Come on, investigation starts with legs!
- Come on, investigation starts with the legs!
Come on, it'll just take a few minutes.
Come on, it's time.
Come on, it's time to focus.
Come on, I wanna do it!
Come on, I was just on a run.
Come on, I was trying to pull off a cool departure here!
Come on, just for a minute.
Come on, Koharu-chan.
Come on! Let's dance together!
Come on, let's drop the formalities.
Come on, let's go!
Come on, let's go down the path we believed in!
Come on, let's go the way we believe!
Come on, let's just give one a shot.
Come on, let's just pick one and see how it goes.
Come on, let's make this an awesome event!
Come on, lets roll up our sleeves.
Come on, look straight.
Come on, Mahiru...
Come on now Hallo-Hallo-Halloween Night!
Come on, now. You should know better than to peek into a girl's hospital room.
Come on, one last push!
Come on, or you'll be late for the meeting.
Come on, our class activities start tomorrow.
Come on out!
Come on, over here.
Come on, President.
Come on, quickly.
Come on, raise your head.
Come on, shout louder!
Come on! Sky-Girl!
Come on, squeeze in tight!
Come on, stop it with that already!
Come on, there's much to be done.
Come on, the tea party is ready.
- Come on, this time it's your turn to find it.
Come on, time's a wasting.
Come on, time's a-wasting.
Come on, we're up next!
Come on, we should get going.
Come on, where did she run off to?
Come on, you do have fans.
Come on, you'll be late for the meeting.
Come on, you're about to be up!
Come on, you two beg her too!
Come on, you were too?
Come over here.
Come quickly, before it cools.
Come, Rei.
Come see me privately after the assembly.
Come this way!
Come to me, new star.
Come tomorrow, we won't leave you alone, like it or not.
Come to think of it, aren't you coming from your graduation?
Come to think of it, didn't it happen...
Come to think of it, does Venus Ark hold a school festival?
Come to think of it, I didn't sense her presence at all.
Come to think of it, I got mine after I performed on that music show.
Come to think of it, I haven't really daydreamed much recently.
Come to think of it, is Elza-san here?
Come to think of it, isn't that other girl going to be with us too?
Come to think of it, Koharu-chan had a real knack for art.
Come to think of it, Koharu was really skilled at art.
Come to think of it, Laura was supposed to join us.
Come to think of it, Nijino Yume will be there too.
Come to think of it, Onee-chan said something similar.
Come to think of it, there are all sorts of different lighting used in photoshoots.
Come to think of it, this is the first time I've ever actually seen M4 perform.
Come to think of it, this'll be the first time we go on together.
Come to think of it, we had nicknames for each other when we played together as children.
Come to think of it, we made nicknames when we played together as children.
Come to think of it, what happened to Kirara?
Come to think of it, what was the whole thing about not being able to open the shop without me?
Come to think of it, you originally came to Japan for Hime, right Elza?
Come to think of it, Yume-chan was invited as a guest for The Best Music Show's special.
Come to Venus Ark!
Come to Venus Ark. I'll give you what you desire.
Come true together!
Come up when your number is called.
Come with me.
Come with me for a bit.
Come with me if you wish to know.
Come with me. I will make you perfect.
Comfy!
Coming!
Coming all this way and still not finding it only makes me want it more!
Coming, coming!
Coming out early in the morning shouldn't affect your work.
Coming out to town was the right choice.
Coming to you live on New Year's day!
Coming up is a special performance by the winner!
Commoners have a habit of calling cowards "chicken".
Common points and names...
- Company President Nishi Taiyou - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Tsubasa-senpai starts as a racer, but due to a series of events ends up as Taiyou-san's bodyguard.
Compared to the roof of Kira Kira Department Store...
Compete by doing things in each of your own ways.
Compete by doing things your way.
Compete with everything you have and don't leave any regrets on the table!
Complete failure.
Complete S4 Dresspedia These are all of the Premium Rare Dresses that previous S4 members wore.
Completing a dress really does take a lot of time and effort.
Concentrate on your posture whether you're standing or walking.
Concept Let's skip the formalities and decide on a concept for our unit.
- Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
- Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials To allow Laura to continue on as a muse in England, please give her your full support with Four Star Academy's resources.
Concept Sexy Cool Um, in that case...
Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging We now proceed to the concert portion.
- Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging Nikaidou Yuzu of S4 will perform
- Concert Judging - Concert Judging - Concert Judging Dance Class's last stage will be graced by Nikaidou Yuzu of S4!
Concert Judging Concert Judging Concert Judging We'll now proceed to the concert portion.
Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations And here's a list of places that could host a concert.
Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations If you tell the managers you're from Four Star Academy, they'll probably make something work.
- Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations
Concerts Concerts Points are earned at concerts, events, and the like as the most popular idol is determined.
Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery I hope Aria-chan isn't too nervous.
Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow
Confidently?
Confirmed!
Congrats!
Congrats.
Congrats again!
Congrats! I passed too.
Congrats, Laura!
Congrats, Lily.
Congrats on being chosen as the school's rep, Lily!
Congrats on being chosen, Lily!
Congrats on making it into the Final Tournament!
Congrats on the CD debut.
Congrats on winning! Your Sun Dress looks amazing on you.
Congrats on your CD debut.
Congrats... Subaru-kyun told me congrats!
Congrats, you two.
Congrats, Yume!
Congrats, Yume.
Congrats, Yume and Koharu!
Congrats, Yume-chan!
Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume
Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume Congrats Yume It's a new creation we made while thinking of how you'd look on stage.
- Congratulation!
Congratulation!
Congratulation.
- Congratulations!
Congratulations!
Congratulations.
Congratulations again.
Congratulations, Elza-sama!
Congratulations, Hime.
Congratulations, Koharu-chan.
Congratulations, Mahiru.
Congratulations, Nijino-san.
Congratulations Nijino Yume, ready for my solo live!
Congratulations on an excellent first show in Japan. You were fantastic.
Congratulations on entering our academy.
Congratulations on getting your first live.
Congratulations on remaining at the top of Theater Class.
Congratulations on S4, Ako-chan.
- Congratulations on the Final Tournament!
Congratulations on the Final Tournament!
Congratulations on winning the Aikatsu Ranking and on keeping your spot in S4.
Congratulations on winning the Aikatsu Ranking and staying keeping your spot in S4.
Congratulations on winning, you two.
Congratulations on your first successful show in Japan. You were fantastic.
Congratulations on your return to Four Star Academy!
Congratulations on your victory, you two.
- Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako
- Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako - Congratulations - Saotome Ako It's time to introduce my guests!
Congratulations, Shiratori.
Congratulations! You got a perfect score!
Congratulations, Yume.
Congratulations, Yume-chan!
Congratulations, Yume-chan.
Congratulations, Yume Nijino.
Connect to the future with the Aikatsu ring!
Considering how curious Yuzu-senpai is, the animals might've caught her eye.
Considering how curious Yuzu-senpai is, the animals might've caught her eye too.
Considering that you're her right-hand woman, I thought we'd be able to learn more about her from you.
Considering where we are, we decided to go have some fun in the ocean.
Consider it a trial conferred upon you by the Goddess of the Stage.
- Consider it a trial given by the Goddess of the Stage.
- Consider it a trial handed down by the Goddess of the Stage.
Consider this a trial from the God of the Stage.
Consider thoroughly who you think will be best for the job.
contain my excitement!
Contrasting individualities.
Cooking, start!
Cool, I think we should give it a try ourselves.
Coolness Accessory Are you going to use this dress?
Cool Something mature... and not just subdued, but girlish as well.
Cooperation is important!
Coord held a stunning performance.
Coordinate Time!
Coord, made out of rainbows and dreams.
Coord really moved me!
Correct.
Correct. And I would like to thank all of my fans out there for this opportunity.
Correct! Bananas are the best way to restore your stamina, right Subaru-kun?
Correct! What about this?
- Cotton candy! - Cotton Candy - Cotton Candy - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 And soothing soft serve.
Cotton chambray from France.
Could I come too?
Could it be?
Could it be...
Could it be a secret point?
Could it be her?
Could it be that Hime-senpai had me do this show in order to teach me that?
Could it be that you like Subaru-kun?
Could it be that you're actually Lunch-san?
Could it be that you're searching for the school's seven luckies?
Couldn't you sleep?
Could that mean...
Could this also be...
Could this be something about Yume-chan?
Could this be the gateway to success you were talking about?
Could this be why?
Could we have the tallest people stand in back and everyone in front kneel down?
Could you always shine so brightly?
Could you answer our request?
Could you be trying to embarrass me even further?!
Could you check on that?
Could you give some advice to the Song Class girls?
Could you help me out?
Could you help us?
Could you imagine a better paradise?
Could you keep the fact that we've been researching dresses together a secret from Yume and them?
Could you make adjustments?
Could you not dig any deeper than you have?
Could you please explain the rules?
Could you please reserve seats for their groups on each of the trains, every-day station master?
Could you spare some pastries?
Could you tell me some things your mom likes?
Countless fans are awaiting you.
Count me in as their newest fan!
Count me in as their newest fans!
Count to four with magic And imagine a wonderland with me Jump along with the rhythm And we'll reach our happiness The team that gloriously took first in Rock Koshien is...
Count to four with magic kaunto foo de Magic Count to four with magic kaunto foo de Magic And imagine a wonderland with me kimi to egaku Wonderland And imagine a wonderland with me kimi to egaku Wonderland Jump along with the rhythm rizumu awasete Jumpin' Jump along with the rhythm
Cows.
Cranking Your Heart Full-Throttle!
Cray!
Cray.
Cray, right?
Cream Matcha, chocolate, and cream sauces?
Cream puffs and shortcake, even chocolate brownies!
Create a miracle Felicitaiyaki, Sakuraba Laura!
Create your own miracle!
Create your own miracle! Felici-taiyaki!
Crème Renversée à la Mode!
Crepes Crepes First I need to get comfortable with Subaru-kyun.
Criticism Time!
Critics everywhere are raving about how touching the interplay of the music and story was.
Critics everywhere are raving about how touching the music and story's interplay was.
Crocuses?
Crowning Crowning Crowning Crowning We'll now move into the photo session.
Crowning Crowning Following is Bird Theater Class, Kisaragi Tsubasa.
Crowning Crowning Forgive me. There is just one thing I'd like to convey.
Crowning Crowning I am succeeding Kasumi Yozora in S4.
Crowning Crowning Last is Flower Song Class, Shiratori Hime.
Crowning Crowning Let us begin with Dance Class.
Crowning Crowning Next up is Moon Beauty Class, Kasumi Yozora!
Crowning Crowning Yes!
Crying all by herself...
- Currently Rank 2 - Baa! That's naïve, Ako-chan!
Curry ice with a mountain of summer veggies!
Curses...
Curse your, Venus Ark's Hanazono Kirara!
Curse you, Shadow Stars!
Curse you, Venus Ark's Hanazono Kirara!
Curtain standby.
Cut!
Cut! Ako-chan, that expression is no good!
Cut! Ako-chan, that's not how real people walk!
Cut! Ako-chan, watch your expression!
Cut! And okay!
Cute?!
Cut! It's a masterpiece!
Cut! Okay!
Cut! Okay, nice!
Cut! That's not the right line!
Cut to Lilienne!
Dad...
Daddy's sweets are so yummy!
Dad, Mom!
Dad! Mom!
Daily devotion!
Damn straight, she is!
Dance!
- Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru -
- Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa
- Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako
Dance Beauty Theater Song Nikaidou Yuzu Haruka☆Luka Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Mahiru Kisaragi Tsubasa Saotome Ako Shiratori Hime Sakuraba Laura Dance Beauty Theater Song Nikaidou Yuzu Haruka☆Luka Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Mahiru Kisaragi Tsubasa Saotome Ako Shiratori Hime Sakuraba Laura Performances will be held over two days.
Dance Class admin, Katsura Miki.
Dance Class, assemble!
Dance Class Dance Class Theater Class Theater Class The reigning S4 members have gone undefeated so far.
Dance Class had Yuzu-senpai, and Theater Class had Tsubasa-senpai.
Dance Class has dancing and Theater Class has acting, so we can't hope to compete in those.
- Dance Class Huh? Where's Yuzu-senpai?
Dance Class is always...
Dance Class isn't gonna lose either!
Dance Class Let's get right to our first question!
- Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical The Phantom of the Cats?
- Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the
- Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the
Dance Class, Nikaidou Yuzu!
Dance Class, Nikaidou Yuzu! And also...
Dance Class's last stage!
Dance Class will take the stage first.
- Dance - Dance Dance - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kisaragi Tsubasa Dance - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kisaragi Tsubasa Theater Song Haruka☆Luka Kisaragi Tsubasa Theater Song Haruka☆Luka Kisaragi Tsubasa Moreover, the unit that takes the top spot will be rewarded with a coupon for one full month of free lunches.
Dance is all about having fun with the rhythm!
- Dance Stage - Dance Stage The only requirement is that you wear a dress created through the Dress Make system.
Dancing Days Dancing Days Yeah Dancing Days Yeah Dancing Days Always Dancing Days Always Dancing Days Don't stop Dancing Days tomenaide Dancing Days Tsubasa-senpai's dress is super cool!
Dancing Days Dancing Days Yeah Dancing Days Yeah Dancing Days Always Dancing Days Always Dancing Days Don't stop Dancing Days tomenaide Dancing Days Whoa...
dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou hitori hitori chigau kara
Dark Choco Brownie!
Dark green reminiscent of an autumn lake and the purple of a twilight sky.
Date and Time: 12/14 10 AM Accepting Applicants!!
datte yume wa sonna ni chiisakunai Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in datte yume wa sonna ni chiisakunai We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural itsu no ma ni ka ookiku natta mirai wo mitsumetara We ended up looking towards a big
Daughter of a musical family tracing back generations, and your favorite food is sour konbu.
Dave-sensei's always so sweaty and passionate that he's hot and suffocating!
Dave-sensei's so sweaty and fiery that being around him makes you feel like you'll get heat stroke!
Dave-sensei was so strict with us back then.
Dave-sensei, you worked up a real sweat.
- Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance
- Day 4 - Day 4 - Flower Song - Flower Song Flower Song All the students compete to become the top of their class and be in the next S4.
- Day 4 - Day 4 - Flower Song - Flower Song Flower Song I'm fifty-fifth, right about in the middle.
Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song Where does that place Sakuraba Laura?
Day in and day out, they worked together to complete their admin work, forming bonds of trust and friendship which harmonized into a marvelous performance.
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Because I was seriously trying to win in our Romance Kiss, I'm frustrated that I lost.
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Because I was serious in trying to win wearing our Romance Kiss, I'm frustrated that I lost.
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Both you and your dress
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord It was fantastic seeing you float down from the sky and
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord I want to do even more serious Aikatsu!
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord The Sun Dress will appear before the idol who shines brightest on stage.
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord Loving Aikatsu.
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord No matter when and where, I'll bloom with pride in this dress!
Daylight Festival Coord Daylight Festival Coord The person I am right now can do it and do the best Aikatsu in the world!
D-D-Does this say...
D-Did she just say Nijino Yume?
D-Doing something like this would be unfathomable!
D-Don't be, I'm plenty honored that even you would come for this.
D-Don't be. I'm plenty honored that even you would come for this.
D-Don't tell me!
D-Do we have to add more, Director?
D-Do you have any proof?
D-Do you now?
D-Dunno...
Dear Subaru-kyun Dear Subaru-kyun This is filled with my love This is filled with my love "Dear Subaru-kyun, this is filled with my love." But seriously, this thing is huge.
Dear Yozora-san, is there a trick to being as beautiful as you?
Dear Yume-chan It's from Koharu-chan.
Dear Yuuki Subaru - Best wishes - Thank you for all of the hard work you do. Fledgling that I am, I have been granted the opportunity to hold a show by myself!! It will take place on the rooftop of Kira Kira Department Store this Saturday at noon! I will sing my very best to get your approval! ...With that said, l hope you will be able to come and see my show.
December and January are packed full of big events worth tons of points!
Decent, she says.
Decided! Saotome Ako-san will be the center of Theater Class!
Declare your resolve to your infinite self within the mirror.
Decorate it with cute ribbons and hearts.
Decorate it with sparkles and make it even more gorgeous!
Deep in your eyes, I could see Laura-chan.
- Defeat! Onee-chan!!
- Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan
- Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan Maiden's Skirt Lecture Maiden's Skirt Lecture Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson
- Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan
Definitely get into S4!
Definitely, without doubt...
definitely won't lose!
Definitely won't lose!
- Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while
Delicious!
Delicious...
- Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice
- Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice Thanks, Yuzu.
- Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice - Delicious Rice You brought me so many again!
Delightful kigurumi With Mommy Sleepy noon First walksies With Daddy I haven't flipped through this in forever.
Delight oneself...
Delivery for you.
Delivery service?
Demon Lord!
- Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle
- Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - Ahead - Ahead We are the Demon Lord's generals...
- Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way - Only - Only - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way - Only - Only - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way
- Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way - Only - Only - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way - Only - Only - Demon Lord's Castle - Demon Lord's Castle - This Way - This Way - Only - Only
- Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest
Demons out!
Departing Departing Type Type Next Next Local Local Then switch lines and take the express to the eighth stop...
Depending on who wins, the top four of the Ranking may change.
Descent of the Tundra Diva!
- Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily
- Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I'm so excited for opening day.
Designing is pretty difficult.
Design is pretty difficult.
desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine
desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo
desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit
Despite all the abilities in singing and dancing you've cultivated, you continue to work hard and take on new challenges.
despite being surrounded by adults.
Despite having her own brand, she deliberately matched Yuzu-senpai.
Despite how they may appear, those two have their similarities.
Despite that, I still want to do this audition.
Despite that, she chose to go with her.
Despite this?
Despite your abilities in singing and dancing you've cultivated, you always work hard and take on new challenges.
Details can be found on the bulletin board posters!
Diary of Stars.
Diary of Stars Diary of Stars Diary of Stars Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
Did I convey my gratitude and feelings to them?
Did I do something?
Did I hear right that you're here to Dress Make?
Did I just overhear something awful?
Did I make the right choice?
Did I miscalculate?
Did I neglect to tell you? This is the ambassador of Japan's rock scene, as well as a former homeroom teacher of Song Class at Four Star Academy.
Did I surprise you?
Did I surprise you, Elza-san?
Did it get your nerves out?
Did it loosen you up?
Did it suit your palate?
Did Koharu go home?
Did Lilienne agree?
Did my gratitude and appreciation shine through?
Didn't I tell you?
Didn't I tell you to stay out of here?
Didn't people used to say her voice was like a fleeting shooting star?
Didn't something like that happen to you back in your first year too?
Didn't that get you going?
Didn't that just happen again?
Didn't they?
Didn't we go over this song in class?
Didn't we learn this song in class?
Didn't we promise to wake up for early morning training together?
Didn't you all see Kasumi Yozora-san and Mahiru-san's performance yesterday?
Didn't you all see yesterday's performance of Kasumi Yozora-san and Mahiru-san yourselves?
Didn't you come to Four Star Academy with a goal in mind?
Didn't you come to Four Star Academy with a goal of your own?
Didn't you get a part in the lottery?
Didn't you get to ride a dolphin?
Didn't you go to study dance abroad in Los Angeles after Yuzu-sama won that dance battle?
Didn't you have a fluffy sweet dream?
Didn't you promise to do everything I said?
Didn't you promise to do what I said?
Didn't you read it?
Didn't you scout her yourself?!
Didn't you see Elza perform too?
Didn't you tell me that if we didn't finish filming today, the movie would be canceled?
Didn't you want to create a completely new dress?
Did she bring something for us?
Did she make this for me?
Did she really say that?
Did she say she was in some election?
Did she sound well?
Did something bad happen?!
Did something happen?
Did something happen, Laura?
Did that help you relax at all?
Did the lottery not give you a part at all?
Did they not make you nervous?
Did winter just blow in?
Did you all have fun?
Did you all know?
Did you all notice the sports cars driving around the stage?
Did you already know, Koharu-chan?
Did you bake these yourself?
Did you come here by yourself?
Did you come to watch the Final Tournament?
Did you decide on a release date?
Did you eat yet? Want to join us?
Did you eat yet? Want to sit down?
Did you expect otherwise?
- Did you finally tell her?
Did you find him?
Did you find the particulars of this campaign girl thing?
Did you forget?
Did you forget already?
Did you forget that we got some on our Aikatsu Mobiles?
Did you forget to board?
Did you get lost looking for something?
Did you get lost on the way somewhere?
Did you get my invitation?
Did you get your demons out?
Did you get your inner demons out?
Did you have plans?
Did you hear? Mahiru-chan dropped out of tomorrow's Summer Fest.
Did you intend to make your comedian debut this year?
Did you know?
Did you know about this?
Did you know, Koharu-chan?
Did you know this, Koharu-chan?
Did you make these yourself?
Did you miss the ship too?
Did you need something, Yuzu-senpai?
Did you not do the same?
Did you really just call yourself photogenic?
Did you really think that Yume-chan would lose?
Did you remember to prepare?
Did you say something?
Did you see it? It's so embarrassing!
Did you see it? This is so embarrassing!
Did you sleep well last night?
Did you strain your throat?
Did you think I arrived unprepared?
Did you think that's all it'd take to win?
Did you think that's all it takes to win?
Did you think this would be enough to stop me?
Did you think this would be enough to stop me.
Did Yume-chan and Koharu really make that rainbow coord together?
differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo
differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together
Different countries have different test subjects?
Different in what way?
Ding-ding!
Ding dong!
Ding-dong!
Ding-dong! Kirara just got a bright idea!
Ding dong! On to the next.
Ding dong! The staff already gave me the green light.
Director, a few words, if you will.
Director, did I make a mistake?
Director Jean!
Director Okamoto.
Direct your gaze a bit more upwards.
Disembark if you're too scared.
"Display their beauty" my foot.
- DISQUALIFIED - DISQUALIFIED - DISQUALIFIED - DISQUALIFIED - DISQUALIFIED Congratulations.
Distinct from a banana or pineapple.
Distinctive as a single flower blooming in the midst of a snowfield.
Diving straight into the main course.
Do all the things you can with all you've got.
Do any of you want candy?
Does anybody know where she is?
- Does art mean you'll be creating the set?
- Does art mean you'll be working on the set?
Does art mean you'll be working on the sets?
Does a spa mean this is going to be for a travel show?
Does autumn inspire you to read?
Does it ever make you anxious, Lily-senpai?
Does it ever tire you out?
Does it ever worry you, Lily-senpai?
Does it look like Kirara lacks individuality?
Does it look okay?
Does not compute!
Doesn't adding sweetness to it twist that image?
Doesn't it feel like they're a lot more active than usual today?
Doesn't it get you going?
Doesn't it have a pretty design?
Doesn't it have that element of surprise?
Doesn't it look like four-leaf clovers are made up of four hearts put together?
Doesn't it look like four-leaf clovers are made up of four hearts put together as one?
Doesn't it look like those girls are wearing Spice Chord?
Doesn't it seem like they're getting along?
Doesn't it sound fun to set off on that adventure with those close to you?
Doesn't it sound fun to set off on that adventure with your companions?
Doesn't Kanata-kun just draw you in?
Doesn't Little Red Riding Hood get eaten by the wolf?
Doesn't look like there's anyone suspicious here.
Doesn't she kind of look like someone?
Doesn't that bring back memories, Katsura-senpai?
Doesn't that go for you two as well?
Doesn't that just make it sound weirder?
Doesn't that mean you've grown a bit?
Does she have any sort of weakness that I can take advantage of?
Does she seem a bit different to you?
Does that bother you?
Does that happen a lot?
Does that include Lady Hime?
does that mean...
Does that mean?
Does that mean...
Does that mean... better than you?
Does that mean that in your search around the world I wonder. Perhaps that's best left up to you and Aria-chan.
Does that mean that in your search around the world, you found an answer in Futaba Aria-chan?
Does that mean that the dress I designed isn't...
Does that mean that we won't be able to find her until winter?
Does that mean the Hoshimiya-senpai she mentioned...
Does that mean this is your event?
Does that mean we'll have to part ways again?
Does that mean we're doing a travel show or something?
Does that mean we won't be able to find her until winter?
Does that mean you don't care about us at all?
Does that mean you'll wait and enter a different meet?
Does that mean you're interrogating us?
Does that mean you're refusing the offers of all the scouts from around the world?
Does that mean your secrets are also inside it?
Does that trouble you?
Does this kind of thing happen often?
Does this look good?
Does this mean I'm not perfect yet?!
- Do everything you can with all you've got.
Do I?
Do I have your permission?
Do I look like I'm forcing it?
Do I look like I'm forcing myself?
Doing a Dress Make was so much fun.
Doing Aikatsu together is the most fun!
Doing Aikatsu with our senpai was inspiring and tons of fun.
Doing air sits elegantly with a smile, the Himetrain.
Doing a live broadcast for the new year seems like a lot of fun!
Doing it in front of Subaru-kyun is embarrassing, but...
Doing the best we can!
Doing what you want to is the best!
Do I smell some feelings for Yume-chan?
Do I spy anyone moving?
Do it, Carol-tan!
Do it however you'd like.
Dokidoki doki de waku waku waku tonight halloween night! omocha no heitai no koushin sora wo kakeru nagareboshi no swing rhythm ni awase odorou suteki na dreams come true abra cadabra bibidi bobbidy come on now haro haro halloween night!
Do me proud.
Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu
Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu Thank goodness I made it!
Do my ears deceive me?
Done!
Done.
Done, for real.
Done! My dream is none other than to become a member of S4!
Dong-ding!
Donna hana ga suki na no kana?
Donna toki datte anata ni utaitsudzuketeiru yo doriimu suteeji machiakari marude buroodouei haato ni kometa tokimeki hibikiattara itsumo anata no supaasutaa supaasutaa The show is a one night dream.
"Do not act; become." So basically, I need to fall in love with Lily.
Do not be distracted by the choices before you. Instead, stop and think carefully about which events to challenge.
Do not be distracted by the choices before you. Instead, stop and think carefully about which events to enter.
Do not concern yourselves.
Do not crumble!
Do not disappoint me any further.
Do not say another word!
Do not treat me as though I'm a cat!
Don't act like we're friends!
Don't act like you know me!
Don't add to the parts you want to emphasize.
Don't avert your eyes from Venus Ark's power.
Don't back down, Shiratori.
Don't be afraid to let your lack of skills show and demonstrate exactly where you stand right now.
Don't be concerned about winning or losing.
Don't be concerned about winning or losing, just walk your own path.
Don't be distracted by any tiny mistakes.
Don't be, I didn't...
Don't be, it was my fault.
Don't be nice to me!
Don't be nice to me now!
Don't be rude!
Don't be so cold, baby.
Don't be so rough!
Don't be so stiff.
Don't be stupid.
Don't be surprised when I become the center for Theater Class.
Don't concern yourself.
Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer
Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo
don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo
don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo don't cry kono natsu wo It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped
Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes
Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte
don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte It's Yozora's Fashion Time Mahiru-chan, you were amazing out there!
don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte don't cry sayonara tte Yozora was so much more brilliant than usual!
don't cry sayonara tte No matter how much I want to catch up, how desperately I run after her, You just had an outstanding performance, but you're not satisfied at all.
don't cry sayonara tte Yeah, it was a light only those sisters could show.
Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me
Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte
Don't cry, smile at me Don't cry, smile at me don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte So we can come to say it So we can come to say it chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni Don't cry, our goodbyes Don't cry, our goodbyes don't cry sayonara tte
don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte
don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte don't cry waraiatte Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly
Don't cry, Yume-chan.
Don't cry, Yume-chan. I won't cry either.
Don't disappoint me.
Don't do it, Ako-chan! Dying is baa!
Don't ever give up and keep believing akiramenai koto shinjiru koto Don't ever give up and keep believing akiramenai koto shinjiru koto Don't ever give up and keep believing akiramenai koto shinjiru koto - Fly high! - Fly high!
Don't expect me to go easy just because we're friends!
Don't fail me now!
Don't fear, Saotome Ako!
Don't feel relaxed just because you're going to France.
Don't force yourself.
Don't forget about the crowds that are entranced by Yozora-senpai of Beauty Class.
Don't forget about the crowds that've been entranced by Yozora-senpai of Beauty Class.
Don't forget, it's our job to display the beauty of the princesses.
Don't forget, Laura.
Don't forget, our job is to let the princesses shine.
Don't forget that.
Don't forget to smile.
Don't forget to take a breather sometimes.
Don't forget. You have fans eagerly awaiting your next performance.
Don't forget. You have fans waiting to see you on stage again.
Don't freak us out.
Don't fret. Just relax, Kirara.
Don't get ahead of yourself!
Don't get reeled in, Ichigo.
Don't give in, Yume!
Don't give in, Yume! No more negativity!
Don't give me that!
Don't go outside with your beauty mask applied.
Don't go overboard.
Don't just keep adding to the parts you want to emphasize.
Don't leave any regrets.
Don't let anyone know about our grab-bag plan to surprise everyone at the end of the party.
- Don't let tiny mistakes distract you.
Don't let your brilliance diminish.
Don't let your guard down in France.
Don't look down on sour konbu!
Don't lose.
Don't lose, Yume-chan!
Don't make it sound so shady.
Don't make me laugh.
Don't make such a scene.
Don't mess up, boiled octo.
Don't mess up, tomato.
Don't mind if I do!
Don't miss a moment of their upcoming Aikatsu!
Don't misunderstand me.
Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything How about it, Ako?
Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything They're meant to be fulfilled, baby!
Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai Show me how serious you can be honki no kimi wo matteru
Don't overexert yourself.
Don't overwork yourself.
Don't pretend like you know me!
Don't push yourself.
Don't quit!
Don't rush, don't rush.
Don't say that!
Don't say that. It's my fault, really.
Don't say that. It was your own effort and determination that the Aikatsu System acknowledged.
Don't say that! You pushed yourself because I asked you.
Don't say that! You're just as amazing!
Don't say you'll quit being an idol!
Don't slouch. You'll ruin your posture.
Don't slow down so soon!
Don't spoil me so much!
Don't stop her!
Don't stop once you get running!
Don't strain, and walk naturally.
don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion
don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou Start Line!
don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai So take to the skies with
don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret
Don't sweat the small things!
Don't tell me...
Don't tell me it's forgotten cargo!
Don't tell me the heating was cut!
Don't tell them!
Don't tell them that!
- Don't the grab-bag threads and haphazard cuts make it unique?
Don't their cheers tell you all you need to know?
Don't the speech bubbles and haphazard cuts make it unique?
Don't they resemble us well?
Don't think, feel! That's all.
Don't think I don't know.
Don't think it'll be that easy.
Don't think saying that will get you off the hook.
Don't touch...
Don't touch any of the equipment either.
Don't try this at home!
Don't try this at home Don't try this at home And finally, even if a child acts naughty, you should never get angry with them.
Don't try to act well.
Don't underestimate my food vengeance!
Don't underestimate Yume.
Don't we have this year's in the bag already?
Don't worry.
Don't worry about it.
Don't worry about it! Kirara doesn't sweat the small stuff!
Don't worry about it, we're totally fine.
Don't worry, don't worry!
Don't worry, Headmaster!
Don't worry! I brought one for you too!
Don't worry, I can handle this!
- Don't worry if you make tiny mistakes.
Don't worry, I have an idea.
Don't worry, I have no intention of giving up!
Don't worry, I know.
Don't worry. I know you can do it.
Don't worry, I'm here for you.
Don't worry! I'm here for you.
Don't worry. I'm here for you.
Don't worry. I'm sure you'll make it.
Don't worry, I'm sure you will.
Don't worry, just relax.
Don't worry, Koharu-chan.
Don't worry, Koharu-chan. Ako-chan and Theater Class still stand in their way.
Don't worry one bit!
Don't worry, Rei-chan's got an amazing memory.
Don't worry, that's okay.
Don't worry, this happens all the time.
Don't worry. We'll still be best friends, same as ever.
Don't worry. We'll still be the same best friends as ever.
Don't worry. We're double muses, aren't we?
Don't worry. You have the power to do it.
Don't worry, you'll be fine!
Don't worry. You'll definitely...
- Don't worry. You're brave enough to apply makeup on the sidewalk and show up at Four Star Academy's gate.
Don't worry. You've got the power to do it.
Don't worry, you've got this.
Don't worry, you've got what it takes.
- Don't worry. You were brave enough to do makeup on the sidewalk and show up at Four Star Academy.
Don't worry. You were brave enough to do your makeup on the sidewalk and show up at Four Star Academy.
Don't worry, Yume-chan's family runs a confectionery shop, so it's sure to taste good.
Don't you agree, girls?
Don't you agree, Naho-san?
Don't you call yourself her friend, Nijino?
Don't you dare miss one.
Don't you forget!
Don't you fret!
Don't you get it?
Don't you have any advice for her as her older sister?
Don't you have a "yay!" or an "okay!" in you?
Don't you have Shiratori-san worrying over you, and friends who reassure you at every step?
Don't you have Shiratori-san worrying over you, and friends who will push your back?
Don't you just read lines from a script?
Don't you keep messing up on the same part?
Don't you like chocolate?
Don't you like the genre as well, Subaru-kun?
Don't you need to spend this year at the plateau like you always do?
Don't you "no" me!
Don't you remember our elementary school arts festival?
Don't you remember what Tsubasa-senpai said?
Don't you remember when we just got Glitter on our Aikatsu Mobiles?
Don't you resent me?
Don't you think?
Don't you think deciding this so one-sidedly is kind of unreasonable?
- Don't you think? Dresses are the epitome of freedom.
- Don't you think? Dresses should be unconstrained.
Don't you think? Dresses should embody freedom.
Don't you think it'd be hard for her to face you after losing?
Don't you think it's amazing how we get to be on the same stage as last year and show off just how much we've grown?
Don't you think pushing this forward so one-sidedly is kind of unreasonable?
Don't you think that's the most important thing?
Don't you think that Yume's been acting a bit strange?
Don't you think they'll make a great unit?
Don't you think they're kind of too different from Berry Parfait's brand image?
Don't you think this is happening because of that weird power?
Don't you think those are your fans?
Don't you think we're kind of strange?
Don't you think you'd look better without that on your head?
Don't you understand?
Don't you understand her feelings better than anyone else, Tsubasa?
Don't you want everyone to watch you?
Don't you want something like the Tundra Diva?
Don't you want to do something for Hime-senpai?
Don't you want to see what they've all come up with?
Don't you worry!
Don't you worry! And thanks for coming shopping with me.
Don't you worry. I've got the perfect surprise in store.
Do proceed and make whatever plans you wish.
Dormant lion?
Do the first run however you'd like.
- Do the things you can do with all you've got.
Do they?
Do they even taste good?
doubutsu tachi ga itsudatte All of the animals spend their days doubutsu tachi ga itsudatte Moving their bodies around as freely as could be jiyuu ni karada ugokasu mitai ni Moving their bodies around as freely as could be jiyuu ni karada ugokasu mitai ni As the beat begins to
Do us proud.
Do we even have someone like that on campus?
Do we have some time before we leave?
Do we still have time until we have to leave?
Do whatever you wish.
Do what is required...
Do what must be done.
Down with S4!
Dowsing?
Dowsing? What's that?
Do you accept?
Do you accept that?
Do you accept this?
Do you bake chocolate often?
Do you best, Yume!
Do you forfeit?
Do you fully appreciate the significance of changing a brand's name?
Do you have a minute?
Do you have any more, Nijino-san?
Do you have a particular reason for it?
Do you have business with me?
Do you have enough time?
Do you have more meetings tomorrow?
Do you have plans?
Do you have someone in mind?
Do you have some time after this?
Do you hear that?
Do you intend to begin the year with your comedian debut?
Do you intend to make an enemy of the world?
Do you jog every day?
Do you know anything?
Do you know the Four Star Academy second-year, Shirogane Lily-chan?
Do you know what these are?
Do you know why?
Do you like Elza?
Do you like it?
Do you mean me?
Do you mean Shiratori Hime-san?
Do you mean to imply I should be depressed about losing?
Do you mean to imply that I would be depressed after losing?
Do you mean to say that you've deliberately given Yume-chan this trial?
Do you mean to say that you've deliberately subjected Yume-chan to this trial?
Do you mind if I call you Koharu, then?
Do you mind if I call you that?
Do you mind if I choose our destination?
Do you mind if I come see you again someday?
Do you mind if I come to see you again?
Do you mind if I intrude?
Do you mind if I intrude as well?
Do you mind if I stay back and keep observing the Beauty Class?
Do you mind if I stay here and keep sitting in on the Beauty Class?
Do you mind if we go through it again?
Do you mind if we help too?
Do you mind if we join your practice?
Do you mind if we stay to watch?
Do you mind if we watch?
Do you mind sharing that one month free lunch voucher with me?
Do you need to be somewhere?
Do you not agree, Mahiru?
Do you not agree, Naho-san?
Do you plan to abandon everything you've worked hard to build up?
Do your best!
Do your best.
Do your best, girls.
Do your best. I'm behind you.
Do your best, missy.
Do your best. You've got this in the bag!
Do your best, Yume-chan!
Do your best, Yume-chan.
Do you really expect every single person walking by to have presents?
Do you really have the leisure to bask in satisfaction?
Do you really think so?
Do you really want to collapse like you did last time?
Do you recognize this idol?
Do you regret it?
Do you remember? It was back in elementary school.
Do you remember the story about the model I told you before?
Do you remember this?
Do you remember what happened last year?
Do you remember what you did long ago at the hospice?
Do you remember what you did long ago at the sanatorium?
Do your utmost!
Do you still not understand?
Do you think an apology can fix this?!
Do you think any of them will be able to match us at the next S4 Selection?
Do you think any of them will be able to match us during the next S4 Selection?
Do you think I still have a spark inside me?
Do you think it has anything to do with Elza-san getting the Sun Dress?
Do you think Laura will be all right?
Do you think we can incorporate the radiance of the Sun Dress into Romance Kiss somehow?
Do you think you can try seeing where we can find a clover?
Do you understand?
Do you understand? Do not touch that dial!
Do you understand what you've done?!
Do you want a candy?
Do you want some candy?
Do you want this or not?
Do you want this? Or not?
Do you want to Aikatsu together?
Do you want to climb with me to the top?
Do you want to hold a Christmas concert with me, Laura?
Do you want to hold an event with me?
Do you want to join me for a lesson?
Do you want to leave your individuality undiscovered?
Do you want to start with making the dressing room?
Do you want to stop by my room for a bit?
Do you want to take on the world stage with us?
Do you want to talk in my room for awhile?
Do you want to try these on then?
Drama is an explosion!
Dramatic... in what way?
- Dramatic shite Romantic shite omoide tsukuro! Boys & Girls Good tidings we bring To you and your kin We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year
Drawings have placed Dance and Beauty Classes on the first day.
Draw lots!
draws constellations in the sky seiza ni naru mahou no kirameki gurittaa Even if the darkness of night blots out my guiding stars mejirushi mo mienai kurai yoru demo Even if the darkness of night blots out my guiding stars mejirushi mo mienai kurai yoru demo My friends are by my side
Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time,
Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete Don't only look at the pretty and pristine, embrace everything Don't only look at the pretty
Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Let's go!
Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still You who love Aikatsu!
Dreams and failure are two sides of the same coin.
Dreams aren't meant for dreaming!
"Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they are to be fulfilled." Hime-senpai's song carried her message straight through my heart.
Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed,
Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine
Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou
Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai
Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine
Dreams come true!
Dream Stage! If you would just open your ears Dream Stage! If you would just open your ears Dream Stage! If you would just open your ears She's nothing like what I took her for!
Dream Stage! The city lights shine like Broadway Dream Stage! The city lights shine like Broadway Dream Stage! The city lights shine like Broadway And when the beating of our hearts ring out And when the beating of our hearts ring out And when the beating of our hearts ring out
Dreams will come true toki ni konnan demo Even facing hardships toki ni konnan demo Even facing hardships toki ni konnan demo Even facing hardships toki ni konnan demo Even facing hardships kono omoi ga kanau to shinjiteru I believe that my wishes will be granted kono omoi ga kanau to shinjiteru
Dream together!
Dream Together Dream Together Dream Together Come on, please!
Dream - What main color?
Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut That will be quite the occasion!
Dresses are a charm for beauty!
- Dresses are a good beauty charm!
Dresses are constantly influenced by trends.
Dresses are made to convey a message from the brand.
Dresses are what makes our beauty infinite.
Dresses can make everyone shine!
Dresses strengthen me!
Dresses strengthen me.
Dress Make...
- Dress Make - Dress Make Self-production is the foundation of all those who strive for idolhood.
Dress Make is Essential!
Dress Make is indispensable for Aikatsu.
- Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room
- Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room You'll be able to create your cards here.
- Dress Make Room - Dress Make Room You'll be able to customize your dresses here.
- Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar
- Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar Wait, not that one.
- Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar - Dress Make Seminar Dress Make Seminar Dress Make Seminar Put simply, Dress Make is the process of customizing your dress.
Dress Make was so much fun.
Dress Making What a coincidence.
dress that's all your own.
Dress, the Première Berry Coord!
Drink.
Drink up this coconut water to start with.
Drool...
Drop everything! Big news!
Drop out and you'll bear my full wrath.
Dry skin is your worst enemy.
Due to a minor accident, Sakuraba Laura will be unable to perform in the upcoming Song Class concert.
- Due to an interference in the overhead wiring, this train is unable to operate.
Due to a signal failure Even though you got lost and confused, I'm going to sing Laura's share too!
Due to a signal failure, the trains have been delayed for twenty to thirty minutes.
Due to changes in my own schedule I put a large burden on you.
Due to problems with the overhead wiring, this train is unable to continue operation.
- Due to problems with the overhead wiring, this train is unable to operate.
Dunno.
During that time, Hime-senpai suggested that I hold a duet with her.
During that time, Hime-senpai suggested that I perform a duet with her.
- During the championship game of the soccer world tournament.
During the debut performance for her My Little Heart Premium Rare Dress, she managed to get Star Wings.
During the Final Stage, I'm not sure if I should cheer for Yume or for Mahiru.
During those times, even better than Laura!
- DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM
- DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM Passing out is baa!
- DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM - DWOOOM I... I'll have some.
Each and every one of us is putting forth one hundred percent.
Each class brought their "A" game and held heated battles.
Each class will hold various performances in each area of the city.
Each class will need to attract customers to their assigned shop!
Each class will need to attract customers to the shop they have been assigned!
Each country has different test subjects?
Each country has sent representative idols to compete for the top in this tournament.
Each current member of S4 will say a few words and crown their successor.
Each current member of S4 will say a few words and then crown their successor.
Each day they put in their efforts to complete their admin work together.
Each encounter and farewell made us stronger a bit at a time.
Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve
Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart nagareru namida ga kokoro wo tsuyoku suru Sew together a dress from the past and future kako kara mirai e nuriawaseta doresu Each bundle of frills adds to the courage it gives me furiru no kazu dake yuuki wo moteta nara
Each flower adds to the vibrancy of the Aikatsu stage.
Each flower brings its own charm to the vibrancy of the Aikatsu stage.
Each idol has her own episode, her own story to tell.
Each idol will create one dish for the judges to score.
Each individual is unique.
Each individuality is unique.
Each of the lights of your memories may be small by itself.
- Each of them is a differently colored star than our S4, shining in the center of their universe on stage.
Each of the scattered stars contains my passion for singing.
Each of your memories may be a small light by itself...
Each pair will have to pass several stages to demonstrate their unit's bonds.
Each participant is the muse of their own brand.
Each performance I see makes me overcome with emotion.
Each person adds what they can to build up a great production.
Each person adds what they can to the production of a single work.
Each person is their own glimmer Each person is their own glimmer And Tsubasa-senpai?
Each person will have two minutes on stage.
Each scattered star contains my passion for singing.
Each Star Premium Rare Coord reflects a specific star.
Each team will create a new cake fitting the shop's image.
Each team will create a unique cake fitting the shop's image.
Early every morning and whenever you had time, you've been training in secret.
Earth to Ako, it's about to start.
Easier said than done.
Eastern parfaits! They look delicious!
Easy English - Useful from the moment you board the plane!
Eating foods you love fills you with happiness.
Eating it always gives me the brightest smile ever!
Eating station bento on a train is an irreplaceable experience.
Eating this curry perks me right up.
Eat up...
Eat up and get some energy.
Eat up your fill of steak and animal out!
Eat up your fill of steak and animaru!
Eavesdropping isn't like you.
Edison would say thusly: Our greatest weakness lies in giving up.
Editor.
E-Elza-sama, are you certain?
E-Elza-san is...
E-Enough of your teasing.
e-entirely untrue.
E-Even I can do that!
E-Excuse me?!
E-Excuse me.
E-Excuse me! Do you mind if I come to observe?
E-Excuse me, trick or treat...
E-Excuse me, what exactly was that the gist of?
E-Excuse us!
egao miseru nakinagara and smile when you're crying inside tsuyoku naru yo jibun shinjinakucha Then you'll grow stronger, just believe in yourself keshite keshite akiramenai yo Just never, ever give up Wow wow wow yeah!
Eggplant!
Eggs and more eggs? Give me a break.
Eggs, eggs, in the pan! Be the fluffiest in all the land!
Eggs, eggs, in the pot! Become the most fluffy eggs of all!
Eh?
Eh?!
Eh, but... you're making the same face Caroline did.
Ehh, don't say things like that.
Eikichi-san...
Either way...
Either way, I had fun helping you make your dress.
Either way, it'll be intriguing.
Either way, it's impossible.
Either way, it won't be easy to take.
Either way, we managed to find the other six, so I'm willing to call this a win.
Either way, we've gotta make sure they're begging for us idols to come back.
e k u r u t a b i n i s h i r a n a i k i m o c h i w o k u r e r u B e h i n d e v e r y p a g e I
Elections?
Elegantly besting the current S4 to take their thrones would be far more dramatic.
Elegant to the eyes, yet terrifying to the core.
'ello?
'Ello?
Elza!
Elza?
Elza.
Elza...
Elza, a fire has been lit in my heart at last.
Elza, a fire has been lit in my heart at long last.
Elza allowed you to grow.
Elza and Kirara!
Elza, are you serious?
Elza beef?
- Elza Beef - Elza Beef Elza Beef!
Elza caused you to grow.
Elza-chan always treats me so purrleasantly!
Elza-chan had invited me to join her at Venus Ark.
Elza-chan had invited me to join her on the Venus Ark.
Elza-chan! What's up?
Elzacise!
- ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE
- ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE - ELZACISE Next one. Are you ready?
Elzacise is crazy hard.
Elza, congratulations. You've finally received the Sun Dress.
Elza, do you have a minute?
Elza, do you really still plan on shutting down Venus Ark?
Elza Forte!
Elza Forte...
- Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria Elza Forte
- Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono
- Elza Forte Hanazono Kirara Dahlia W Jasmine N J.J. Erika Kasumi Mahiru Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking With this tour, I will once again create an insurmountable gap and become the center of the world.
Elza Forte Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Futaba Aria Futaba Aria They take a snapshot of the rankings at the end of January.
Elza Forte of Venus Ark.
Elza Forte's Star Premium Rare Coord.
Elza Forte They are symbols of perfection.
Elza herself caused you to grow.
Elza, I...
Elza... I can't believe what I'm hearing.
Elza is a guiding light—shining strong like the beautiful first star.
Elza is a guiding light—strongly shining like the beautiful first star.
Elza is an idol who has the entire world and more.
Elza is an idol who has the whole world and more.
Elza is blessed to have been able to Aikatsu alongside you all.
Elza, I swear upon my very soul.
Elza, it does you no good to lose your composure.
Elza, I think it's about time.
Elza, it's finally yours!
Elza, it's not good for you to panic like this.
Elza, it's too reckless!
Elza, I will ask you one last time.
Elza, just as your mother was your sun, to us, you're our sun!
Elza Killer Step!
Elza must have said something.
Elza, no matter what you say, our feelings won't change.
Elza, put this on.
"Elza-sama"?
Elza-sama!
Elza-sama?
Elza-sama.
Elza-sama...
Elza-sama collects perfect thing from around the world for her school, so we've got all sorts of Aikatsu here.
Elza-sama collects perfect things from around the world for her school, so we've got all sorts of Aikatsu here.
Elza-sama could at least spare some time to play with me...
Elza-sama, don't leave me...
Elza-sama, guests have arrived.
Elza-sama, hurry! We're gonna be last!
Elza-sama instructed me to escort you today.
Elza-sama is busy. Get in her way and you get the baa!
Elza-sama, I've brought yesterday's batch of letters.
Elza-sama! Kirara was so lonely!
Elza-sama looks so happy!
Elza-sama recognized Koharu's perfect passion for design.
Elza-sama said that I graduated.
Elza-sama scolded me!
Elza-sama selects idols to participate based on whom she deems worthy or has high expectations for.
Elza-sama's orders are absolute.
Elza-sama's the one acting strange.
Elza-sama! Surprise!
Elza-sama's wings are shining golden!
Elza-sama was stunningly brilliant.
Elza-sama, we once tried to leave this ship on our own.
Elza-sama, what is it you wanted to discuss?
Elza-sama wore the Passion Venus Coord.
Elza-sama would never say that she doesn't need us anymore on a whim.
Elza-sama, would you like any milk or lemon?
Elza-sama! Yeah!
Elza-sama, you're gonna write a wish too, right?
Elza-sama, you're such a stubborn-face.
Elza-sama, you were awesome as always!
Elza-san!
Elza-san.
Elza-san...
Elza-san acquired her Sun Dress.
Elza-san and I made it to the Final Stage.
Elza-san, being here is the most fun I've ever had.
Elza-san. Hello.
Elza-san, I believe that idols can make others shine given a stage, a dress, and a smile.
Elza-san is always eating steak...
Elza-san is entering the Amazing Idol Fes too!
Elza-san is going to stop being an idol?!
Elza-san is quitting as an idol?!
Elza-san knows already?!
Elza-san, let's both shine as brightly as we can!
Elza-san, let's face off again one day.
Elza-san, let's promise to do this again one day.
Elza-san made them?
Elza-san may be the hardest opponent I've faced yet.
Elza-san might be the fiercest opponent yet.
Elza-san presently holds the number one spot of the Aikatsu Ranking.
Elza-san puts it on full display.
Elza-san said that it'll present itself to the idol who shines brightest on stage.
Elza-san's aspirations are completely different from mine and Onee-chan's.
Elza-san's aspirations are completely different than mine and Onee-chan's.
Elza-san's dress, a Star Premium Rare Coord, was absolutely stunning.
Elza-san's dress, her Star Premium Rare Coord, was absolutely stunning.
Elza-san seemed really confident in her answer.
Elza-san's mother came to visit Japan.
Elza-san's red flowers burning bright.
Elza-san's right hand girl, Kizaki Rei-san, is an expert at kendo.
Elza-san's right-hand girl, Kizaki Rei-san, is an expert at kendo.
Elza-san waltzed right into Four Star Academy and insulted Laura without ever having seen her perform.
Elza-san waltzed right into Four Star and insulted Laura without ever having seen her perform.
Elza-san was breathtaking in her Sun Dress.
Elza-san, when I said I wanted to make everyone's hearts shine, I meant you too.
Elza, shall I take it in your place?
Elza shined greater than anyone else had before.
Elza, should I take your place for it?
Elza's perfect performance is truly beautiful.
Elza, thank you.
Elza, the only person you need to be like is yourself.
Elza, today I experienced the unbridled joy of doing Aikatsu in a unit.
Elza was always our shining light.
Elza, we have some time before the unveiling.
Elza, we still have time until the unveiling.
Elza, what did you need from me?
Elza! What is going through your head?!
Elza, what's the meaning of this?
Elza! What the hell is going through your head?!
Elza, why don't we all go together?
Elza, you are truly intriguing.
Elza, you don't understand.
Elza, you finally obtained it!
Elza, you're out of your mind!
Elze Forte!
Encore! Encore!
Encore! Encore! Encore! Encore!
e n e v e r k n o w n p e e j i w o m e k u r u t a b i n i s h i r a n a i k i m o c h i w o k u r
- Engraver of cleverly struck cool dance moves, Hira Kanata.
Engraver of cleverly struck cool dance moves, Kira Kanata.
Enhance it?
Enjoy.
Enjoyably Wide-open mouth!
Enjoy yourselves to the very last song!
Enka? As an idol?
Enough being negative!
Enough, everyone take five.
Enough! Everyone take five.
Enough excuses! Just make Hanazono Kirara show her face this instant!
enough. I promise. - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - Koharu - Koharu - Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Dear Yume-chan - Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - Koharu - Koharu
Enough lies! Your thoughts are written all over your face!
Enough negativity!
Enough of being a crybaby!
Enough of being stubborn!
Enough of that, it's time to move.
Enough of that. It's time to move.
Enough of the person would could only sigh by herself!
Enough of the person would could only sigh to herself!
Enough of the weakling who thinks she has no talent every time designing clothes doesn't go smoothly!
Enrolled me into an idol school.
Enter.
- Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance
- Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance - Demon Lord's Forest - Demon Lord's Forest - Entrance - Entrance Hime-oneechan is beyond this forest.
Entrances me closer sebyoushi ni kizamu yume no taitoru wa The title of my dream engraved into the book's spine nani yori fusawashii kimi no namae Couldn't be anything other than your name sekai de hitotsu no monogatari ni tachiaeru kiseki It's a miracle we can bear witness to this one-in-the-world story
Entry Application Venus Ark Are these all applications to Venus Ark?
- Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu
Entry number 17, Kasumi Mahiru-san!
Entry number 18, Nanakura Koharu-san.
Entry's free to all!
Entry Sheet Unit Name Members Song Title Song Title - What do you say about it being us three?
Entry Sheet Unit Name Members Song Title What a surprise.
- Entry Sheet - Unit Name - Members - Song Title - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Entry Sheet - Unit Name - Members - Song Title - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Entry Sheet - Unit Name - Members - Song Title -
Entry Sheet Unit Name Members Song Title Yuzukoshou Nikaidou Yuzu Nijino Yume Saotome Ako The members are me, you, and Ako-chan.
Enunciate!
Enunciates the clear concepts of luxury and gorgeousness, and is really popular.
Enveloped in a fluffy pearl pillow and a blanket of coral, those afternoon naps in my bed of shells...
episode Solo episode Solo atsumattara When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament
episode Solo episode Solo atsumattara When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE Both them and their Shine Stars Coords are wonderful.
episode Solo episode Solo atsumattara When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE Hello! Thank you!
episode Solo episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE Everyone, thank you for all you've done for us!
episode Solo episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE Look forward to the next installment of A Premium Night!
episode Solo episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara atsumattara good collaboration good collaboration good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE saikyou no LIVE You did great!
Episode Solo is passed down from one generation of S4 to the next, and rearranged each time to fit its members.
Episode Solo is passed down from one generation of S4 to the next, and rearranged each time to fit the members.
Episode Solo is the best song for that.
episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News
episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make
e r u I l l a l w a y s b e c h a s i n g a f t e r y o u r s t o r y z u t t o o i k a k e t e t a
Especially between two sisters.
Especially in this past year, I formed tight bonds with Hime, Yuzu, and Tsubasa.
Esteemed guests, you have my deepest gratitude for attending this humble gathering.
Esteemed guests, you have my deepest gratitude for attending this humble gathering by the Shiratori family.
e t b y r a y s o f n o b l e l i g h t m a h i r u n o s o r a n i m o m a g i r e n a i h i k a r
Eternal!
Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord I started my Aikatsu, grew alongside my friends, and got to wear the Star Wings and Sun Dress.
Eternal Princess Coord Eternal Princess Coord I started my Aikatsu, grew alongside my friends, and got to wear the Star Wings and Sun Dress.
Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord
Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord So long as I possess the Sun Dress, there's no idol alive who can beat me now.
Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord The Eternal Queen Coord is the legendary dress only the chosen idol may wear.
Eternal Queen Coord Eternal Queen Coord My Aikatsu are the best in the universe!
Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord
Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord Eternal Rainbow Coord My Aikatsu is all about shining with everyone.
Eureka!
Even about Yozora-senpai?
Even after getting her Star Wings, not only has she kept moving, but she's even sped up further.
Even after getting her Star Wings, she hasn't just kept moving, but sped up further.
Even after I memorize them through repetition, it all seems to slip away once I'm in front of a test.
Even against Elza Forte, I believe in Yume-kun...
Even all the upperclassmen were surprised about how they couldn't believe you just started.
Even a pro wouldn't compare.
Even a single song would be enough, so please!
Even by Venus Ark's standards, you have developed top-level skills.
Even compared with all of Venus Ark, you have developed top level skills.
Even Dance Class girls almost never get to sit in.
Even during daytime, the stars don't disappear.
Even from the same stage, what we see before us is nothing alike.
- Even from the same stage, what we see is nothing alike.
Even Hime-senpai!
Even Hime-senpai feels she's lacking something.
- Even Hime-senpai feels she's missing something.
Even Hime-senpai is smiling happily.
Even Hime-senpai is softly humming a tune.
- Even Hime-senpai says she's lacking.
Even I could not have predicted that Yume Nijino would make it this far from our first encounter.
Even idols can feel depressed.
Even idols have down periods.
Even I don't know why!
- Even if all the flowers of the city tempt you - machijuu no hana ga yondemo I know you'll be able to find me kitto watashi mitsukete ne I know you'll be able to find me kitto watashi mitsukete ne Flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu
Even if Hime-senpai, Tsubasa-senpai, or Onee-chan win, they'll be graduating at the end of the year, so whoever takes second will join S4.
Even if Hime-senpai, Tsubasa-senpai, or Onee-chan won, they'll be graduating at the end of this year, so whoever took second will join S4.
Even if I attempted to rewrite the script, Romeo is far too critical a role.
- Even if I can sprint, that won't help me pass.
Even if I can't become a goddess who can ease all wounds subete no kizu wo iyasu megami ni wa narenakutemo Even if I can't become a goddess who can ease all wounds subete no kizu wo iyasu megami ni wa narenakutemo Even if I can't become a goddess who can ease all wounds
Even if I couldn't reach the level of getting Star Wings yet, Only a handful of selected stars are able to outshine the rest.
Even if I haven't reached the level of getting Star Wings yet, I still feel like I've gained something important.
- Even if I keep quiet, you'll just figure it out - damattetemo kimi ni wa barechau With a single glance we'll be of one mind me to me aeba hitotsu da ne With a single glance we'll be of one mind me to me aeba hitotsu da ne - My downtrodden heart streams tears of frustration - kuyashi namida ijiketa kokoro mo
Even if I'm alone, I have to do it.
Even if I'm not as good as other girls, These feelings are stronger than everyone else's!
Even if I'm not as good as the other girls, I want to sing.
Even if I'm resented for it.
Even if I stay in Japan, I can still travel whenever I want.
Even if it should be water that Subaru-kyun touched himself...
Even if it's impossible, I need to try.
Even if it's unlikely, I can't afford to give it up.
Even if it's unlikely to succeed, I can't afford to give up.
Even if it was not perfect, it appears that countless people were moved by your performance.
Even if I was, hypothetically, it was only until yesterday.
Even if I was, hypothetically, I would have gotten over it yesterday.
Even if I went back to my room, I'd just be alone.
Even if I were to enter the Fes, I'd still have to beat Elza-san to win.
Even if that leads to Koharu asking to return to Four Star Academy?
Even if the darkness of night blots out my guiding stars mejirushi mo mienai kurai yoru demo Even if the darkness of night blots out my guiding stars mejirushi mo mienai kurai yoru demo My friends are by my side nakama ga ite kureru My friends are by my side
Even if we make it down, we'll have no way of illuminating the stage.
Even if we're apart, our hearts are connected.
Even if we're apart, thinking about all of you doing your Aikatsu gives me strength.
Even if we're apart, thinking about all of you doing your Aikatsu will give me strength.
Even if we're far apart, I'll believe we can still do our best together.
Even if you can't keep up with everyone else during lessons, you train more than anyone else on your own.
Even if you can't see them, they're still twinkling.
Even if you couldn't get a ticket, we still welcome you to spend your Christmas with us!
Even if you couldn't get a ticket, you can still spend Christmastime with us!
Even if you couldn't keep up with everyone else during lessons, you trained more than anyone else on your own.
- Even if you get discouraged, people can change.
Even if you leave Venus Ark, it's not over.
Even if you leave Venus Ark, that's not the end.
Even if your idol dream falls apart, a bright future in backstage work awaits.
Even if you say that...
Even if you were to fail here?
Even if you were to fail my test?
Even I have to applaud your performance.
Even I'm getting excited!
Even in the wake of a bitter defeat, remember that people can change.
Even I understand it's ridiculous.
- Even jewels can scarcely glimmer in the form of raw gems.
Even more so than missing my three square meals!
Even my tongue is limber!
Even now I still feel the same.
Even now, I still feel the same.
Even now I view you as the best actor ever.
Even on days we're beset by illness and can't train, we focus on reading to improve our perspective.
Even ostriches!
Even S4 is here... I'm sorry you had to take precious time out of your day for me.
Even S4 is here... I'm sorry you have to take precious time out of your day for me.
- Even since you brought it up, I've been thinking about what I could do.
Even so...
Even so, I always go at full strength just to get one step closer to her.
Even so, I can't let that stop me.
Even so, I must...
Even so, I put all I had into catching up with her.
Even so, never giving up the chase for your own answer is how we spread our wings and fly.
Even that didn't work.
Even the first day of rehearsal was incredible.
Even the Four Star Academy duo climbed their way into fifth and sixth.
Even the headmaster and teachers are present.
Even the headmaster and teachers have come.
- Even the most beautiful jewels can scarcely glimmer when encased in earth.
Even the most beautiful jewels can scarcely glimmer when encrusted in earth.
Even the most dazzling light fades but in a moment.
Even the most dazzling light fades in nary a moment.
Even the slightest thing out of place for Elza-sama's party is baa!
Even the standing room spots were filled.
Even the upperclassmen couldn't believe you had just started.
- Even the very limits of the Aikatsu we know today wouldn't be able to surpass her.
Even though doing that's sorta my job.
Even though happiness doesn't fill every moment Even though happiness doesn't fill every moment - Even though - Even though Does that mean...
Even though I couldn't get Star Wings, I feel like I gained something else important, and can't contain my excitement!
Even though I couldn't get Star Wings, I feel like I gained something else, so I can't contain my excitement!
Even though I memorized them through repetition, it all seems to slip away once I'm in front of a test.
Even though I'm the one who's supposed to be doing that.
- Even though it's from the same stage, the views we see are nothing alike.
Even though it won't be for long, we want you to have fun.
Even though nobody's ever shown up...
Even though nobody's shown up before...
Even though she's younger than me, and even though we're rivals, I can't help but want to do everything in my power to let her dance to her heart's desire.
Even though she's younger than me, even though we're rivals, - It's time to crown the top dancer at this year's Fiery Summer Dance Battle.
Even though they're both in Beauty Class, I've almost never seen Mahiru-chan actually talk to Yozora-senpai.
Even though you were lost and confused, you still carried on with your Aikatsu and made it this far.
Events Events - Modeling - Modeling - Other - Other By the way, you two are the first students from Four Star Academy ever to be invited.
Even Tsubasa-senpai admitted how challenging work there is.
Event this way!!
Eventually, they take first place at the stage of every student's dreams, Rock Koshien.
Even us!
Even us?
Even when she's harsh, she always follows it up with kindness.
Even without Elza-sama, I can still stand on stage together with Ako-chan no matter what.
Even without this...
Even without you, I won't be the slightest bit lone...
Even you can't possibly contain your arousement at the sight of this.
- Even you can't possibly contain your excitement at the sight of this.
- Even you can't possibly stop your arousal at the sight of this.
Even you personally approved of her genius as a designer.
Even you're studying, Kirara?
Even you three...
Even Yuzu can fall from trees!
Ever learn anything useful?
Ever since Elza-san made me realize that, try as I might, I haven't been able to get Star Wings.
Ever since I enrolled, I've been a frequent visitor.
Ever since I last returned to Four Star Academy, I've had fewer attacks and have been able to enjoy my time here.
Ever since I lived in the sea...
Ever since I lived in the sea, I've always loved you.
Ever since I met the fairy-like idol, Futaba Aria-chan, there's been a stream of surprises.
Ever since I okiniiri Ever since I okiniiri bought my favorite pair of shoes kono kutsu ni deatte kara bought my favorite pair of shoes kono kutsu ni deatte kara One step at a time ippo zutsu One step at a time ippo zutsu I've been walking towards my ideal
Ever since last year's S4 Selection, I've experienced a lot of things and grown just as much.
Ever since my little brother was born, she stopped playing with me.
Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line
Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line Ever since the day I passed my start line sutaato rain wo tobikoeta sutaato rain wo tobikoeta
Ever since the Election was announced, it's been abuzz with first-years.
Ever since the Election was announced, it's been awash with first-years.
Ever since then, I knew I would have to tell eventually.
Ever since then, I trained like my life depended on it.
Ever since then, I've been traumatized by tickling and being tickled.
Ever since then, my sole goal has been to obtain the Sun Dress.
Ever since Venus Ark docked, incidents have been happening around every turn.
Ever since Venus Ark docked, we've gotten ourselves into one incident after another.
Ever since we were children, you have been my sun.
Ever since you brought it up, I've been thinking about what I could do.
Ever since you crossed the Aikatsu start line that day, you've been running at full speed.
Ever since your wings unfurled, I can imagine you flying away at any moment!
Everybody hear me now!
Every class brought their A game and battled fiercely.
Every class will hold various performances in each area of the city.
Every day I'm reminded of how much further I have to go to follow in my predecessors' footsteps.
Every day I'm reminded of how much further I have to go to live up to my predecessors' legacy.
Every day seemed to sparkle, almost as if we were in a dream.
Every first-year starts with the foundation of Aikatsu, running.
Every flavor of the season is running across my tongue sango no ankuretto And I slip on my coral anklet Thank you!
Every flavor of the season is running across my tongue sango no ankuretto And I slip on my coral anklet Wow, so that's what she's like serious.
Every four year, this Final Tournament is held to determine who the greatest idol is.
- Every idol can demonstrate her own fashion sense by competing to express her brand's charms to the extreme.
Every idol in Dance Class has had their chance!
Every idol in Theater Class has now had her turn.
Every living thing has its own rhythm.
Everyone!
Everyone?
Everyone.
Everyone...
Everyone, are you watching Idol Mermaid?
Everyone, attention! Your attention please!
Everyone believes in me.
Everyone can decide for themselves!
Everyone, check it out!
Everyone, check me out!
Everyone come and play!
Everyone crowd together.
Everyone does.
Everyone, do you have your beans?
Everyone, do you know why rainbows are beautiful?
Everyone, do your best!
Everyone else did nothing but praise her...
Everyone else has thought this through.
Everyone else in Song Class, go and help set up for Shiratori's concert!
Everyone else in Song Class, you'll be helping out with Shiratori's concert!
Everyone else is waiting.
Everyone else still has a chance to take third or fourth.
Everyone! Fighting is baaad!
Everyone, five minutes until showtime.
Everyone from Beauty Class, you're next.
﻿Everyone, from us to all of you...
- Everyone, gather round!!
Everyone gather round!
Everyone, gather round!
Everyone, gather round!!
Everyone Gather Round!
- Everyone, gather round!! - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 Ako Nyan-Nyan!
- Everyone, gather round!! - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - Everyone, gather round!! - Everyone, gather round!!
- Everyone, gather round!! - Everyone, gather round!!
- Everyone, gather round!! - Everyone, gather round!! - Ako Nyan x2 - Ako Nyan x2 - ~Special Event~ - ~Special Event~
Everyone get on standby.
Everyone get ready to party!
Everyone, good afternoon!
Everyone has such nice smiles.
Everyone has their own dreams, and some of those require one to leave the nest in order to fly to them.
Everyone has times when they feel down and don't know what to do.
Everyone here will be voting alongside the judges to decide which idol shines the brightest.
Everyone, how did you enjoy my performance?
Everyone, I know that we're now facing a large time crunch, We have a few candidates lined up.
Everyone, I know we're facing a large time crunch, but let's make this work together.
Everyone! I'm expecting to see all your faces over at the Aikatsu Budokan for our concert!
Everyone! I'm here for all of you, for all of my precious fans.
Everyone, I'm pleased to see you in good health.
Everyone, I'm so glad to see you in good health.
Everyone in Dance Class participated, but only Yuzu-sama was good enough to pass.
Everyone in S4 had a constant stream of ideas.
Everyone in S4 is such a skillful actor.
Everyone in S4 is such skillful actors.
Everyone in the venue, if you've got anything to do, get on it quick!
Everyone in the venue, if you've got anything to do then get on it quick!
Everyone in this stadium, all of the idols I love, and you as well.
Everyone invited to tonight's party sent in their RSVP!
Everyone is free to have their own.
Everyone is incredible. I need to work harder so I don't get left behind.
Everyone is lending you their time and effort because they believe you can do it.
Everyone is my enemy.
Everyone is smiling so much!
Everyone is supporting me. They've given me the power to rise this far.
Everyone is watching you, and of course, that includes me.
Everyone, it's five minutes until showtime.
Everyone, it's time!
Everyone join in!
Everyone kept on fighting, and I couldn't take it.
Everyone, look forward to it!
Everyone looks like they're from different schools.
Everyone makes mistakes. Don't beat yourself up over it.
Everyone, may I have your attention?
Everyone, me included, wants to know much, much more about you.
Everyone, Merry Christmas!
Everyone must feel anxious.
Everyone must feel uneasy.
Everyone, Namaste!
Every one of my rivals is top class.
Everyone on the staff works together to create a single film.
Everyone, pick one to aim for!
Everyone pick which one to aim for!
Everyone please gather for a show by tonight's MVPs, Nijino Yume and Nanakura Koharu.
Everyone, please return to your rooms at once in an orderly manner!
Everyone pours their feelings into their chocolate.
- Everyone pour their feelings into their chocolate.
Everyone prepare to resume filming!
Everyone put on such lovely shows.
Everyone puts in their own efforts to create a single dream.
- Everyone puts their own feelings into their chocolate.
Everyone ready?
Everyone said that listening to me sing made them smile.
Everyone says she's the rookie with the most potential.
Everyone says that watching your exchanges made them feel warm and fuzzy.
Everyone says they're through with lessons!
Everyone's been trying to help us make up.
Everyone's been waiting for you to say something.
Everyone's brightened up!
Everyone's currently hopping from event to event, trying to gain as many points as they can.
Everyone's doing it!
Everyone's doing whatever they want.
Everyone's favorite annual event is back again.
Everyone's friends again!
Everyone's got great big smiles.
Everyone's here now.
- "Everyone shine"...
"Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition"?
Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition - Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition - Be honest with your desire to shine - Be honest with your desire to shine - It gives a lot of points too.
Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition Date: 12/7 10:00 Opening Date: 12/7 10:00 Opening Location: Location: Entry conditions: Entry conditions: - Anybody may apply. Winner will have show broadcast worldwide - Anybody may apply. Winner will have show broadcast worldwide Aim for world debut!
- Everyone Shine! - Dream Idol Audition - Everyone Shine! - Dream Idol Audition Eighth Eighth Sponsored by Dream Project Sponsored by Dream Project Before you stand the entrants who have progressed to the final evaluation.
Everyone's idol, and the prince of the M4 Kingdom.
Everyone's idol, the prince of the M4 Kingdom.
Everyone's performances touched her.
Everyone's staring.
Everyone's striving to become the world's brightest star.
Everyone stop.
Everyone's training on their own.
Everyone, take a look.
Everyone! Thanks for all your support!
Everyone, thanks for waiting.
Everyone, thanks so much!
Everyone, thanks so much for coming!
Everyone, thanks so much for today!
Everyone, thanks so much for voting for me!
Everyone, thank you!
Everyone! Thank you!
Everyone, thank you for all you've done.
Everyone, thank you for coming.
Everyone, thank you for everything.
Everyone, thank you for the encore!
Everyone, thank you for waiting.
Everyone, thank you for your heartfelt cheers.
Everyone, thank you so much.
Everyone, the results are in!
Everyone thinks they have in the bag.
Everyone thinks they've already got it in the bag.
Everyone, today's the day!
Everyone, tomorrow's the big day.
Everyone try to hold this note as long as you can.
Everyone was convinced they'd be the next big thing.
Everyone was looking forward to Hime-senpai's concert.
Everyone was so high level!
Everyone was so very excited for it...
Everyone, we found it!
Everyone we have on staff is exceptional.
Everyone, welcome to the opening show of Royal Sword. I am Kizaki Rei.
Everyone, we're starting a new dance step today.
Everyone! We've got an important announcement to make today.
Everyone, we would like to wish you all...
Everyone who wants to become an idol is welcome!
- Everyone will benefit from seeing her perform to prepare for what's to come.
Everyone will definitely be shocked!
Everyone! You came to see me off?
Everyone, you performed admirably.
Everyone, your attention please!
Every other planet needs simply to revolve around me.
Every other planet simply revolves around me.
Every person has their own reason for doing Aikatsu.
Every piece of chocolate has a fan's feelings poured into it.
Every piece of chocolate is full of our fans' feelings.
Every place was super fun!
Every single day Every single day Demon Lord! But why?
Every single day Every single day Prince?!
Every single fan is smiling.
Every single idol here at Four Star Academy did a truly fabulous job!
Every single one of their fans is smiling.
Every single student, including those in their final year, will be participating.
- Every single thing we do is part of the competition, huh. - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election So how do I make my mark?
Every Star Premium Rare Coord and their related Star Wings have materialized.
Every Star Premium Rare Coord belongs at my side.
Every student competes to become the top of their class in the next S4.
Every student has received the memo!
Every student here at Four Star academy will work together to bring the heat.
Every student here at Four Star Academy will work together to bring the heat.
Everything about me comes from Finland.
Everything about Subaru-kyun is recorded in the database of my heart.
- Everything changes when they form a rock band.
Everything Full Power!
Everything has a pulse.
Everything here is just too good!
Everything is a new level of gorgeous than usual.
Everything is for Elza!
Everything is for Venus Ark and Elza!
Everything is in order.
Everything is simple in the end.
Everything okay?
Every thing she does makes me more excited to Aikatsu with her.
Everything shows on your face, Yume-chan.
Everything's running smoothly.
Everything was due to Laura-san's power.
Everything was perfect. Let's keep it up for the broadcast.
Everything we have now is all thanks to you!
Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can
Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Yume-chan Mahiru - chan Do your best!!
Every time I lose, every time I cry, I feel myself growing stronger.
- Every time I lose, every time I shed tears, I can feel myself growing stronger.
Every time I saw one of your spectacular performances, I got a heartfelt desire to improve myself.
Every time you sigh, a bit of happiness escapes.
Every unit performed at an extremely high level, and the results were so close we could not call it until the end.
Every unit performed at an extremely high level, and the standings were too close to call until the end.
Every year there's at least one who doesn't know about the boys division.
Exactly!
Exactly.
Exactly! Be confident, and don't forget to smile.
Exactly. Even if they're far away, they're still continuing to shine out there.
- Exactly. Even if they're far away, they're still shining out there.
- Exactly. Even if they're far away, they're surely continuing to shine.
Exactly. How could I even lead Theater Class if I wasn't counting the seconds left?
Exactly, it's over ten meters high!
Exactly! Just like Rainbow Berry Parfait's concept.
Exactly. Just like when you make a dress, right?
Exactly. No matter the schedule, I will complete it perfectly.
Exactly. No matter the schedule, I will perfectly complete it.
Exactly. Not only do I get to admire the scenery, but I can also people watch and window shop.
Exactly right.
Exactly, they're currently training their abdominals.
Exactly. This entire space will be nothing but you.
Exactly. This entire space will be yours.
- Exactly. This is what everyone in Theater Class lives for.
Exactly what I said.
Exactly what it sounds like.
- Exactly. Who better to inject everyone with motivation than the leader of Theater Class?
Exactly! You remember it?
Excellent.
Excellent, girls. But it appears we won't reach a conclusion at this rate.
Excellent job.
Excellent job, everyone. Let's keep this up for the second half.
Excellently done.
Excellently done, baby!
Excellent point. So long as an ounce of will remains, failure is nothing to fear.
Excellent, thank you.
Excellent work, Saotome.
Except...
Except for almost drowning when that sea cucumber scared you.
Exchange it for something else.
Exchange students?
Exclusively for me?!
Excuse me!
Excuse me.
Excuse me, but aren't you nervous, Yuzu-senpai?
Excuse me, but aren't you Shiratori Hime-san?
Excuse me, but are you completely unaware of the election midpoint update that was just posted?
- Excuse me, but are you completely unaware of the election update that was just posted?
Excuse me, but if you could offer any kind of advice, I'd gladly take it.
Excuse me, but that's a rock.
- Excuse me, but were you not aware that the midterm rankings for the election were just posted?
Excuse me, but where's all the praise for my acting?
Excuse me, could I ask that you wrap this up?
Excuse me for acting so unseemly.
Excuse me, have you forgotten this is my show?
Excuse me, Headmaster?
Excuse me, I need to get running!
Excuse me, Lily-senpai.
Excuse me, Nijino-san and Kasumi-san!
Excuse me, Owner? Could I take a bit of your time?
Excuse me! Please stop bullying her!
Excuse me, Senpai?
Excuse me, we're looking for an idol named Hanazono Kirara-chan.
Excuse me, would it be possible for me to reserve some time at the stage here?
Excuse me, would it be possible for me to reserve some time for the stage here?
Excuse me! Would you like to Aikatsu with me?
Excuse me, would you mind not laughing? We're preparing to take S4's schoolwide audition.
Excuse me. You're Lily-senpai, right?
Excuse our intrusion.
Excuse us.
Excuse you! How about buying some instead of just loitering?
Exhilarate... that's it!
Exhilarating...
Exhilarating Christmas!
Expand that skill and you'll be able to claim your spot in the Ranking.
Expand the Aikatsu Ring!
Expand the circle of Aikatsu!
Expect the unexpected!
Expelled?
Explain yourselves!
External External Four Star Label Four Star Label Sashida Sashida Take care of it.
Extra-large banana parfaits?!
Eyes on her Eyes on her Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Futaba Aria-chan?
Eyes straight forward, and don't look down.
Fabulous!
Faced with the stunning light of a bright star, all you can do is shine even brighter!
Faced with the stunning light of a bright star, what you should do is shine even brighter!
Faced with the weight of this history, do you believe you can bear it?
Facing off against you in the first round gets me going!
Fairy Idol Fairy Idol Fairy Idol Fairy Idol Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Futaba Aria She's a very cute girl who came from Finland.
Fairy idol, Futaba Aria.
Fairy Idol Futaba Aria ♪ Fairy Idol Futaba Aria ♪ Fairy Idol Futaba Aria ♪ Time sure flies.
Fake? You can't call it that, or...
- Fall Fest comes with a theme—three-person units.
Fall Fest - Desktop - Downloads - Documents - Pictures Shirogane Lily-san...
Fall Fest is a perfect opportunity for her to learn the fun of unit activities.
- Fall Fest is a perfect opportunity for us to learn the fun of unit activities.
- Fall Fest is the perfect opportunity to learn the fun of unit activities.
Fall Fest must have started.
- Fan Appreciation Event - Fan Appreciation Event - Suzukaze Plateau - Suzukaze Plateau - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Fan Appreciation Event - Fan Appreciation Event - Suzukaze Plateau - Suzukaze Plateau - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily
- Fan Appreciation Event - Fan Appreciation Event - Suzukaze Plateau - Suzukaze Plateau - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily Fan Appreciation Event Fan Appreciation Event Suzukaze Plateau Suzukaze Plateau - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily
- Fan Appreciation Event - Fan Appreciation Event - Suzukaze Plateau - Suzukaze Plateau - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily Yes, including me.
Fancy seeing you here.
Fans are friends, cards are friends!
fans from around the world.
Fans will get to choose who those members are in the Fresh Idol Elections.
- Fans will vote to raise their favorite first-year idol in the rankings.
Fantastic!
Fantastic, Koharu.
Fantastic... you were so fantastic!
far, but our wishes won't lose to it hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be honki no kimi wo matteru honki no kimi wo matteru
Farewell for now, Japan.
Farewell, Japan.
Farewell, ladies.
Farewells?
Far more than there's time for.
- Farther along this path is surely the stage we'll meet Koharu-chan and Hime-senpai on.
Fashion History Lily-senpai!
Fate?
Fate has dealt us the same hand.
Father... Mother...
Fear not! I'll help you out!
Fear not, Saotome Ako!
Feast your eyes on this!
Feel free to ask us if you ever need help.
Feel free to faff about till nightfall!
Feel free to faff about until nightfall!
Feelings?
Feel sorry? What does she mean?
Feel the sound of my burning emotions wakiagaru omoi wo komeru dake Feel the sound of my burning emotions wakiagaru omoi wo komeru dake There are places you'll never reach losing yourself to envy tada urayamu dake ja zettai todokanai places There are places you'll never reach losing yourself to envy
Feel the sound of my burning emotions wakiagaru omoi wo komeru dake Keep chasing after me more and more, babe oikaketekite motto motto babe Keep chasing after me more and more, babe oikaketekite motto motto babe Keep chasing after me more and more, babe oikaketekite motto motto babe I'll illuminate the way for you
Feel the weight of a single ticket!
Feet shoulder-width apart.
Felicitai! Felicitai!
"Felicitai-tai"?
Felicitai-tai!
Felicitai-tai! Felicitai-tai!
Felicitai-tai, I say! Felicitai-tai!
Felicitaiyaki!
Felicitous taiyaki!
Felicitous Taiyaki!
F-F-Forgive us kindly!
- F-From my perspective, I greatly respect her as my Theater Class predecessor, but that doesn't explain the date...
F-FuwaFuwa Dream just announced...
Fiery S4 Selection!
Fiery S4 Selection.
Fiery Summer Dance Battle!
Fiery Summer Dance Battle?
Fifth task!
Fifty more laps!
Fight!
Fighting?
Fighting, fighting!
"Fighting, fighting" she says.
"Fighting, fighting", she says.
Fight, Lilienne!
Fights are fine once in a while.
- Fight! - Yume-senpai!! - Win the - Aikatsu Ranking!
Filled with excitement and thrills Pardon me!
filled with my love of singing.
Fill it up with bubbles and give it a stir, hello sister say!
Fill up this stage with sparkles and make the whole audience's stories glimmer with your brilliance!
Fill your suitcase to the brim with all your dreams toranku ippai ni yume tsumekonda nara Set off to an untrodden future!
Filming will be Thursday next week.
Final Day Final Day Final Day Song Class Song Class Song Class Hot!
Final Day Final Day Final Day Song Class Song Class Song Class The battle for Song Class is about to begin.
- Finalists!!
Finalists!!
Finally...
Finally, at the climax of Song Class's ferocious battle, Hime shone as the brightest star.
Finally back...
Finally finished.
Finally, the winners of Fall Fest.
Finally, the winning team of Fall Fest.
Finally, we have Kirara-chan and FuwaFuwa Dream.
- Final scores will be derived from judges' evaluations of a model walking segment and a live performance.
Final scores will be tallied from the combination of the model walking and live performance judgements.
Finals Finals Finals All that's left is to make this exciting.
- Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Boney Boney Brothers - Boney Boney Brothers - Boney Boney
- Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals - Finals
Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Finals Approach it calmly.
- Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage Have the pairings been drawn yet?
- Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win
Final Stage First Stage Kizaki Rei Nijino Yume Elza Forte Second Stage Kasumi Mahiru I just can't believe in Elza-sama.
Final take!
Final Tournament But only the top four idols are even allowed to enter.
- Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament
- Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament Only the idols who battled their way into the
- Final Tournament - Final Tournament - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Final Tournament - Final Tournament Everyone, the wait is over.
- Final Tournament - Final Tournament It's time for a press conference with the Final Tournament contestants.
final year, will be participating.
Find anything?
Find each of your own paths and compete.
Find, I'll just join up with Hime-chan!
Finding a clover or two is no match for my network.
Finding the perfect balance...
Find it, and your dress will soon be complete.
Find me in the Hall's waiting room.
Find Yuzu-sama!
Fine.
Fine. Ashida Yuri will accompany Nanakura Koharu.
Fine, I shall start the chain!
Fine, I shall start the word chain!
Fine, it looks like I'm joining up with Hime-chan!
- Fine. Just be aware that I can't guarantee your safety in this dangerous discipline if you go in half-heartedly.
- Fine. Just be aware that this'll be dangerous if you go in half-heartedly.
Fine. Just be aware that this training will be dangerous if you go in half-heartedly.
Fine, want a sour konbu?
Finished!
Finishing touches?
Finishing us off is Beauty Class's current S4 rep, Kasumi Yozora!
Finishing us off is the current Beauty Class S4, Kasumi Yozora!
Finishing us up is Nijino Yume-san.
Fire!
Fire! Fire!
Fireworks, fireworks!
First and foremost is our Christmas concert! And then...
First, Aoyama Chiharu.
First are the idols popular around the country, the boys of M4.
First are the Rare dresses.
First are the Rare Dresses.
First, authenticate yourself using your student ID.
First authenticate yourself using your student ID, and then select School Dress.
First, authenticate yourself using your student ID. Then select "School Dress".
First, congratulations on passing the audition.
First, heat your oil and add fragrant spices to it.
First, heat your oil and add spice scent to it.
First, I'll go for an elegant style like Yozora-senpai and Mahiru-chan's.
First I'll try to go for an elegant style like Yozora-senpai and Mahiru-chan.
First, I must rise to the top of the academy, S4.
First I must stand atop the student body in S4.
First I shall introduce your seniors and those you should strive to rise up to.
First I shall introduce your upperclassmen who represent a goal for you to strive toward.
First is Kasumi Mahiru-san.
First is Lily and Yume.
First is scene 1. Your spacing between lines was bad.
First, Kasumi Mahiru-san.
First laugh?!
Firstly we have a letter from a girl in fifth grade.
First, Naruse Ayumi-san.
First Onee-chan and Hime-senpai, and now Tsubasa-senpai has left to travel the world.
First, one week of hallway cleaning.
First period is over!
First put in the onions.
First, put in the onions.
First, second, and third-years will draw lots separately to determine their order.
First Show You're holding a show?
- First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win
- First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose
First Stage First Stage Second Stage Second Stage Lose Lose Win Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - First Stage - First Stage - Second Stage - Second Stage - Lose - Lose - Win - Win
First star?
First, the Beauty Class results.
First there's Winter Fest, and then the S4 Selection won't be long after.
First, the script and screenplay are being done by Lilienne. Ako-chan's the director.
First, the Shadow Stars always leave a card and the scene of a successful crime.
First, the Shadow Stars always mark a successful theft with a card.
First things first, change into these.
First Unit Meeting Sky!
First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting
First Unit Meeting Yay!
First up, from Venus Ark... Mimoza!
First up is Aikatsu Information.
First up is a very special appearance!
First up is deciding on a dress for the singing audition.
First up is language arts.
First up is Naruse Ayumi-san.
- First up is passing the baton on S4 TV.
First up is Sakamoto Arisa!
First up is the "Do you get me?" quiz!
First up is the food report.
First up is the Venus Ark idol, Mimoza!
First up is the Wind Dance Class.
First, we have a letter from a girl in fifth grade.
First, we have our nationally beloved idols, the boys of M4.
First, we need to decide on a dress for the singing audition.
First-year Class Sorting Audition Judging will be a combined result of the votes from each class's teachers, S4, and the audience.
First-year Sakuraba Laura stands atop the ranking!
First-year Sakuraba Laura stands atop the ranking, baby!
First-year Saotome Ako-chan and Tsubasa had a close race to the finish in Theater Class.
First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show Today's most memorable performance will get a special call-out by M4's Yuuki Subaru.
First, you have the baton passing of S4 TV.
- First, you have the baton passing on S4 TV.
First you'll have to make S4, right?
First, you'll need to remove your makeup.
First you set your Student ID into the Aikatsu System, and then insert your dress and accessory cards.
First you set your Student ID into the Aikatsu System, then you insert your dress and accessory cards.
Fishing is fun.
Five! Four!
Five, four, three, two...
Five, four, three, two, one!
Five or ten helicopters is an easy enough request to fill for our one-day chief purser.
Five people currently have Star Wings, right?
Five seconds left.
Five senses? What are those?
Five, six!
Fix your posture.
Fizzing flavor for the sister and a Happy Happy Punch!
flapping with all my might soredemo habataite watashi wa ikiru All I wish is to sing of hope for the life that may blossom one day itsuka hana hiraku inochi no tame tada kibou wo utatte mitai All I wish is to sing of hope for the life that may blossom one day
Flash!
Flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss Did my ears deceive me?
Flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss Even when the seasons turn The faintly sweet taste of honey remains.
Flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu Even when the seasons turn soshite kisetsu ga kawattemo Even when the seasons turn soshite kisetsu ga kawattemo The faintly sweet taste of honey remains sotto amai mitsu no yokan The faintly sweet taste of honey remains sotto amai mitsu no yokan
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Everyone's emotional Aikatsu is shiny and full of dreams!
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord I'll do my best Aikatsu as Hime-chan's successor at My Little Heart in this dress!
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord I'm in love!
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord The Floral Fantasia Coord has a strong flower motif.
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord I'll bloom the flower of Aikatsu as Hime-chan's successor to My Little Heart!
Floral Fantasia Coord Floral Fantasia Coord I'll do my best Aikatsu as Hime-chan's successor of My Little Heart in this dress!
Flower Arrangement Flower Arrangement Big is Splendiferous Big is Splendiferous Cafe Cafe Goldfish Scooping Goldfish Scooping Takoyaki Stand Takoyaki Stand Restaurant Restaurant Soothe Soothe Animal Suit Cafe Animal Suit Cafe The admins will operate an animal-suit café specializing in tea parties named "Soothe" as well as a giant flower arrangement
Flowers!
Flower Song Class, Bird Theater Class, Wind Dance Class, and Moon Beauty Class will face off.
- Flower Song Class - Flower Song Class Well done, ladies.
Flower Song Class, Nijino Yume!
Flowers! She really likes her flower patterned one-piece dress.
flow throughout me too shizen ni biito kizamu watashi wa mou As the beat begins to flow throughout me too shizen ni biito kizamu watashi wa mou I hop aboard the music oto ni notte hajikeru yo I hop aboard the music oto ni notte hajikeru yo It's a carnival resounding
Fluffy puffy!
Fluffy puffy...
Fluffy Puffy Friends!
Fluffy puffy... You're very fluffy puffy!
Fly!
Fly?
Fly! Fly, fly!
- Fly high!
- Fly over flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss - oide hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu - Fly over flittering fluttering with a honeybee kiss - oide hirari fuwari mitsubachi no kisu - Even if all the flowers of the city tempt you - machijuu no hana ga yondemo - Even if all the flowers of the city tempt you - machijuu no hana ga yondemo
Fly together!
Fly to the future!
- Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu
- Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu Thank you, everyone!
- Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu - Fly to the future! Nanakura Koharu Take care!
focused on the same dream ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo
Focus, focus...
Focus more on the nerve endings in your fingertips.
Focus on the nerve endings in your fingertips.
Fog? You're kidding.
Following close in second was the Yume and Lily team.
Following Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito and Felicitaiyaki, Koukadou will be opening a brand-new shop.
Following her will be Nijino Yume-san!
Following her will be Nijino Yume-san on stage!
Following in second was the Lily and Yume team.
Following is Bird Song Class, Kisaragi Tsubasa.
Following is Shiratori Hime-san, on the set.
Following that, you entered the idol school, Four Star Academy.
Following them is Susan.
Follow it with turmeric and chili.
Follow me.
Follow me to Yuri-chan's Dress Make...
Follow our example and don't be afraid to offer up any ideas you may have.
Follow you where?
Food report?
Food reports always begin with your impression of the visuals.
Food reports must always begin with your impression of the visuals.
For a chance to observe the conception of a Premium Rare Dress, I, Shirogane Lily, would brave the hottest flames...
For Ako-san, a pansy.
For a limited time only...
For all of my fans who are watching me!
For any particular reason?
- For as long as I can remember I've always stuffed my pockets with things.
Forcing?
Forcing a solo live onto her is...
Forcing it?
For crying out loud.
For Elza!
For Elza, and for everyone!
For Elza... I, too...
For Elza-sama!
For Elza-san?
Forensics couldn't pick up anything either.
Forever.
Forever locked on Locked on to you!
Forever locked on There you are!
For everyone who gave me this opportunity to express my gratitude.
For everyone who took the time to tutor us, let's make sure to get good grades!
For everything we've been, and for everything we will be.
For every winner, there is a loser.
For every winner, there's a loser.
For example, Kisaragi Tsubasa-senpai belongs to the cool Spice Chord.
For example, we could do a paper play.
For example, we could make a paper play.
Forget about learning from Hime-senpai's singing, I just wanted a break from all that heavy lifting.
Forget about that and hop on!
Forget about that stuff and hop on!
Forget about wearing it...
forgets even how to sing nigedasazu sono ba de uta koto mo wasure Staring hard at her shattered wings oreta tsubasa mitsumetemo Staring hard at her shattered wings oreta tsubasa mitsumetemo Staring hard at her shattered wings oreta tsubasa mitsumetemo Will not help them to heal moto ni wa modoranai
Forget that! Our meeting here is no less than fate! I'll have you return FuwaFuwa Dream to me!
Forgetting about Kirara would be baa!
Forgive me, but I must request that you show me the injury on your right hand.
Forgive me, but I must seal away my passion for you.
Forgive me, everyone.
Forgive me, finishing everything up took longer than expected.
Forgive me for causing you concern back then.
Forgive me for the sudden summons.
Forgive my transgression!
For goodness' sake.
For I am...
For I am perfect!
For instance...
For instance, you can combine these dresses...
For instance, you can watch someone else's Aikatsu.
For it is her will to move forward despite facing backwards!
For it to come true, I must obtain every first-rate idol and brand out there.
For Kirara-sama, shrimp bisque.
For Laura-san, a peony.
For Mahiru-san, an orchid.
Form a unit with Kirara for this event!
For me?
For me myself...
For me, too!
for me to release the seal on my Premium Rare Dress.
Forming a unit with you makes me so happy I don't think it would end up as much of a punishment.
Forming a unit with you would make me so happy, I don't think it would end up as much of a punishment.
- Forming ties of trust and friendship which harmonized into a marvelous performance.
For my goal of obtaining Hime, I will first claim you as my own, Yume Nijino.
For now?
For now...
For now I'll have two sets of wings for myself!
For now, I simply want to enjoy Aria-chan's Aikatsu.
For now, I want to enjoy Aria-chan's Aikatsu.
For now, let's focus on capturing the academy area's star with the free performance event.
- For now, let's focus on capturing the academy area's star with the free performances held there.
For now... this is farewell!
For one day, I'll return to defeat you.
For others, a long-awaited reunion.
For Perfect Queen?
For real?
For Rei-sama, potato Vichyssoise.
Forsaking the use of tools and utilizing every inch of one's own body, it grants a mastery of oneself and unlimited potential for growth.
for saving us from this crisis.
For some, this is our first encounter.
For sure.
Forte-sama.
For that, I must obtain every first-rate idol and brand in the world.
For that long?
For the Aikatsu Ranking!
- For the all-important pilot of S4's new show, N.K.
For the all-important pilot of S4's new show, why are we the only ones on camera for the jump-in?
For the day we get to take the stage together!
For the first event on tonight's program, I would like to invite the first-years of Four Star Academy's Beauty Class to participate in a fashion model contest.
For the first event on tonight's program, the first-years of Four Star Academy's Beauty Class will participate in a fashion model contest.
For the future of Four Star Academy...
For the grand finale, her closest friend Nijino Yume will put all her gratitude into a farewell performance!
for the Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night!
For the most part we'll just be following the script.
For the most part, we'll just follow the script.
For the record, according to his profile from his time as an idol, his talent is being able to hear the voices of four-leaf clovers, correct?
For the same reason as you!
For the second, make a prayer to the infinite world.
For the sole purpose of mastering this role, I doubled my daily running.
For this audition, the self-promotion segment will be a little different from usual.
For this episode, in addition to the tickling specialists Rei-san and Kirara-chan, we've invited one more special guest from Venus Ark.
For this year's Aikatsu Stars...
Fortune has smiled upon Nijino.
Fortune in!
Fortunes - I want to ace my solo live!!
Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller
Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Fortune Teller What's this?
Fortune Teller Fortune Teller Upon doing so, you shall have a revelation.
For we are here!
For what?
For whose sake am I singing?
For you class sorting audition.
For you, I will step forward on my own feet.
For your little sister?
For yourself?
For your song! It's really cute and cheery.
For you, Yume.
Found a ladybug!
Found it!
Found it! Please excuse me!
Found one!
Found the fairy!
Found you!
Four!
Four friends work hard in their band and slowly gain popularity through roadside shows.
Four-leaf clovers?
Four-leaf clovers are the same. Even if you can't find them, they're surely out there!
Four-leaf clover! Where are you?
Four remain.
- Four Star Academy Administration Attn: Enrollment Office - Nijino Yume Opportunities await Opportunities await chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru The Beginning of Yume's Dream The Beginning of Yume's Dream The Beginning of Yume's Dream Matriculation Ceremony Ceremony Hall Koharu-chan, that uniform is so becoming on you.
Four Star Academy chose Lily-senpai to be our representative.
Four Star Academy contains idols of unrevealed potential.
Four Star Academy could be in danger.
Four Star Academy currently consumed by the ongoing S4 Selection.
- Four Star Academy Festival!!!
Four Star Academy first-year, Sakuraba Laura.
- Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy
- Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection That gets me going!
Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Bird Theater Class Bird Theater Class Bird Theater Class The votes are in, and the winner is...
Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume There it is! Nijino Yume-san will be Song Class's center!
Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Halftime Show Center Selection Stage Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Flower Song Class Now, who will top Song Class?
Four Star Academy Four Star Academy In third: Venus Ark's Kizaki Rei-san!
Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Shiny Academy Shiny Academy Sunlight Institute Sunlight Institute Stage Academy Stage Academy Broadway Institute Broadway Institute Performance Arts Workshop Performance Arts Workshop Integrated Idol Academy Integrated Idol Academy Takeume Entertainment School Takeume Entertainment School As for the theme...
- Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament will be carried out with these four!
Four Star Academy High School!
Four Star Academy hosts such extravagant parties.
Four Star Academy houses idols with hidden potential.
Four Star Academy idol, Sakuraba Laura!
Four Star Academy in Dire Straits?!
Four Star Academy in Dire Straits.
Four Star Academy is a famous idol school.
Four Star Academy is an idol school.
Four Star Academy is currently consumed by the ongoing S4 Selection.
Four Star Academy is currently in the middle of its S4 Selection.
Four Star Academy is famous for the high quality of its festival shows.
Four Star Academy is holding an event called Aikatsu Island over our summer break.
Four Star Academy might fall to pieces.
Four Star Academy News!
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement Aikatsu Island Announcement
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★ Birth of the Miracle Girl ★
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage Bursting Onto a Dream Stage
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols Calling All Individualistic Idols
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live CD Release Commemoration Live
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Dress Make is Essential!
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show First-years Star on M4's Show
- Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Looks like they only allow one student per school.
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News In this segment, S4 will present the hottest Aikatsu news.
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Premium Rare Dress Presentation!
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News The Spring Festival!
Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News We've got some big and happy news for you all today!
- Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News Just about a month has passed since we joined S4.
- Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News - Four Star Academy News These Four Star Academy first-years will be holding a Christmas concert, babies!
Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide
Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide Introduction Introduction Four Star Dorms Four Star Dorms Main Building Main Building Dress Make Room Dress Make Room Cafeteria Cafeteria Greetings to all the new students.
Four Star Academy New Student Guide Four Star Academy New Student Guide We'll teach you all about the school.
Four Star Academy New Student Matriculation!
Four Star Academy Password Both the color and design of her dress.
Four Star Academy recently held its annual event, the S4 Selection.
Four Star Academy recently held its annual S4 Selection.
Four Star Academy's biggest event, the S4 Selection, is underway.
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival Four Star Academy School Festival
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival School festival?
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival There are all sorts of stalls and events, but this year's main event has got to be this!
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival Oh, it's almost here. Four Star Academy's school festival.
- Four Star Academy School Festival - Four Star Academy School Festival Four Star Academy School Festival Four Star Academy School Festival We promise you will not leave disappointed!
- Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Selection - Selection - Selection
Four Star Academy's Halloween was as trivial as I expected.
Four Star Academy's Kasumi Mahiru-san!
Four Star Academy's Laura-chan has made a huge turnabout!
Four Star Academy's Laura-chan with a stunning comeback!
Four Star Academy's Nijino Yume!
Four Star Academy's Nijino Yume and Sakuraba Laura!
Four Star Academy's Nijino Yume-san versus Venus Ark's Kizaki Rei-san!
Four Star Academy's Nikaidou Yuzu storming ahead with a commanding lead!
Four Star Academy's party will be buried in pumpkins.
Four Star Academy Spring Festival!
Four Star Academy's Sakuraba Laura and S4's Nijino Yume will be performing.
Four Star Academy's seven luckies?
Four Star Academy's Shirogane Lily!
Four Star Academy's Spring Festival, the class sorting auditions!
- Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Four Star Academy Summer Fest -
Four Star Academy Testing Location Four Star Academy Testing Location Four Star Academy's way too selective for me.
Four-star clovers are the same. Even if you can't find them, they're surely out there!
- Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms
- Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms - Four Star Dorms
Four Star Film Festival Four Star Film Festival Original Movie Special Advance Screening Ladies and gentlemen!
Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show
Four Star Label?
Four Star? Meaning you are both students at this institution?
Four Stars idols...
Four Star... you're students of this institution?
Four, three, two, one...
four up until the finish in February.
- Free Entry - Free Entry - Please come and watch!! - Please come and watch!!
Free samples!
- Free taiyaki for all!
- Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros - Free Talk Intros Free Talk Intros Free Talk Intros Yeah, let's see...
- Freezing-cold New Year Triathlon!!
Freezing-cold New Year Triathlon!!
Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members
- Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members
- Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election
- Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election -
Fresh Idol Election Fresh Idol Election Fresh Idol Election Fresh Idol Election Fan-selected Members Fan-selected Members Is something up?
- Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election - Fan-selected Members - Fan-selected Members - Fresh Idol Election - Fresh Idol Election
Fresh Strawberry Coord.
Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord The strawberry-themed cute
Fresh Strawberry Coord Fresh Strawberry Coord The cute, strawberry themed Fresh Strawberry Coord.
Fret for as long as you can.
Friedrich von Schiller once said: "Friendship doubles our joy and divides our grief." There's a proverb!
Friend chocolate for your friends.
"Friendship doubles joy and halves grief." I will engrave this moment into my heart so that I never forget it.
Friends that you can share an earnest pursuit of brilliance with are more important than any pretty dress.
Friends who acquired real blue roses for you.
Friends who held dress coordination seminars for you.
Friends who made this shop sparkle for you.
- From Ayumi - Please teach me all about Four Star Academy", she says!
From Elza-san?
From Four Star Academy... Sakuraba Laura!
From Four Star Academy, Sakuraba Laura-san.
From Hanazono Kirara, Venus Ark." Ako-chan...
From here on out, we'll embark on a journey towards new Aikatsu!
From now on, anyone who wants to come on board can!
From now on, Valentine's Day will be our "thank you" anniversary!
From now on, what should I...
From S4, Nikaidou Yuzu-san!
From that meadow?
From the beginning all the way till the very end...
From the bottom of my heart.
From the bottom of our hearts...
From the Dancing Wind class, it's Nikaido Yuzu!
From the Elegant Dance Class, it's Nikaidou Yuzu!
- From the Floral Song Class, Shiratori Hime.
From the Flower Song Class, Shiratori Hime.
From the looks of things, your audition plans are coming along well.
From the several designs we have based on that...
From the Wind Dance Class, it's Nikaidou Yuzu!
- From what I've heard, you absolutely adore the dreadfully Märchen-like Gathering of Stars tea party.
- From what I've heard, you are incredibly fond of the Märchen-style Gathering of Stars tea party.
From what I've heard, you are incredibly fond of the storybook-style Gathering of Stars tea party.
- from: Yume-chan title: HELP! Koharu-chan! I'm looking for four-leaf clovers as a present for our senpai, but I'm having a hard time. Koharu-chan, will you help me out? Yume - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
Fufufu!
Full house.
Fully dedicated...
fumidasu one step hikari made This chance will never come again ima shika nai chansu da ne We'll find the map to our dreams one day yume e no chizu wa mitsukaru itsuka If we believe shinjireba Take a big step to the other side ookiku one step mukou gawa e
Fun! Cranking Your Heart Full-Throttle!
- Fun! Fun! Bringing Your Heart To Full Throttle!
Fun! Fun! Cranking Your Heart Full-Throttle!
- Fun! Fun! Cranking your heart to full throttle!
Fun is the best!
Fun really is the best!
Fun things and painful things.
Furiru no kazu dake yuuki wo moteta nara sora wa nani mo iwanai tada nagareru bakari miagereba hoshi no kakehashi ikou sutaadamu!
Further along this path is surely the stage we'll meet Koharu-chan and Hime-senpai on.
- Further along this path must be the stage we'll meet Koharu-chan and Hime-senpai on.
Furthermore, our teachers will assist in the judging in order to impartially decide upon a winner.
Furthermore, our teachers will assist in the judging in order to reach an impartial decision on the winner.
Furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku kirei na mono dake mirun janakute zenbu dakishimete hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai honki no kimi wo matteru mubou to iwareta ano hi no yume mo ima de wa Ako Ako Ako Ako Laura Laura
Futaba Aria...
Futaba Aria-chan?!
Futaba Aria-chan.
Futaba Aria-chan, a super cute idol from Finland, came here to be the muse of My Little Heart.
Futaba Aria-chan, a super cute idol from Finland, came here to be the new muse of My Little Heart.
Futaba Aria - Dresses are a good look charm!
Futaba Aria Futaba Aria Yay!
Futaba Aria If you're looking for Aria-chan, she's likely out on the terrace.
Futaba Aria is a mysterious girl.
Futaba Aria—May the flower of Aikatsu bloom!
- Futaba Aria Special Event!!
futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world Closer than anyone else in the world
futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa
futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu futari yozora miokuru natsu I pray that you will remain true
future like it was only natural itsu no ma ni ka ookiku natta mirai wo mitsumetara And this fun world fills us up with glee ureshikunaru sekai wa tanoshii And this fun world fills us up with glee ureshikunaru sekai wa tanoshii The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year
future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural ureshikunaru sekai wa tanoshii And this fun world fills us up with glee
future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big future like it was only natural We ended up looking towards a big
Fuuri Chihiro Fuuri Chihiro Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
FuwaFuwa Dream has kept you rather occupied lately.
FuwaFuwa Dream Premium Rare Dress Meeting A Premium Rare Dress is like the queen of a brand!
FuwaFuwa Dream Premium Rare Dress Meeting You cannot go without it if you want to be a proper pop brand.
Gallant idol Mahiru Those suit you both quite well.
ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Make your will unbreakable kokorozashi takaku Make your will unbreakable kokorozashi takaku Make your will unbreakable kokorozashi takaku - Let's go!! - Let's go!! - Let's go!! - Let's go!!
- Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December
- Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December - Garden Art - December Something might come to you if you go.
Garden Art December How to create an elegant reprieve Expelled?
- Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve
- Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve Garden Art How to create an elegant reprieve How to create an elegant reprieve Garden Art - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve He wanted you to pick from this flower shop.
Garden post?
Gather around! We just got some refreshments, so everyone take a breather.
Gather here where the music never stops flowing!
Gather round, the time is upon us.
Gather round! We just got some refreshments, so everyone take a breather.
Gather up all of your honest happiness sunao na genki ga atsumareba Gather up all of your honest happiness sunao na genki ga atsumareba - Turn it into the shining frills of your future - kagayaku mirai yureru furiru - Turn it into the shining frills of your future - kagayaku mirai yureru furiru
Geez!
Geez...
Geez, don't startle me like that!
Geez, if you want me that much...
Geez, I guess if you really need me...
Geez, it's not like that!
Geez, it's not that funny.
Geez, just forget about it already!
Geez, Nii-san!
Geez, Onee-chan...
Geez, Perfect Elza flatters me.
Geez, Tanabata has nothing to do with this.
Geez, that's so...
Geez, we were worried about you.
Geez, why did you push us, Ako?
Geez, will you give that name a rest al...
Geez, will you give that name a rest alr...
Geez, you already have Kirara, Elza-sama!
Geez, you baad girl!
Geez, you're no fun.
Geez, you're too excited!
Geez, you're too into this!
Get a hold of yourself!
Get back and do your work.
Get back here!
Get back here! You stupid mirror!
- Get back up whenever you fall - nando datte chousen - Get back up whenever you fall - nando datte chousen Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Aim to be the first star
Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Aim to be the first star mezase ichibanboshi Aim to be the first star
Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Make your will unbreakable kokorozashi takaku Make your will unbreakable
Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Doing your best is in progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Doing your best is in progressive form
Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Keep doing your best in the progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Keep doing your best in the progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Aim to be the first star mezase ichibanboshi
Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Get back up whenever you fall nando datte chousen Keep doing your best in the progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Keep doing your best in the progressive form ganbaru kimochi wa shinkoukei Make your will unbreakable kokorozashi takaku Make your will unbreakable
Get! Catch you! Don't slip away without warning I'll never give up I knew it'd be a good idea to prepare this for the worst case scenario.
Get! Catch you! You'll be in cuffs before you know it You won't get away!
Get excited!
Get it together, Nijino Yume!
Get off!
Get off me!
Get off my ship.
Get on it!
- Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it
- Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it - Get on it Good, you're all here for your debut concert.
Get on it I'm of the understanding that many of you will be auditioning for Rock! Rock Girls!
Get out!
Get out of here!
Get out there and show me what your "This is Sakuraba Laura" is about!
- Get ready!
Get ready!
Get ready It's my very first time on stage.
Get ready to get it on!
Get ready to get on it!
Get serious, this is the real deal Right!
Get set...
Get the student council and admins together to provide support.
Get this—I managed to book her!
Getting a compliment from you makes me so happy!
Getting agitated would play into their hands.
Getting the satisfaction meter over ninety percent... That's a high hurdle to clear.
Get your excitement up, up, up!
Get your tension up, up, up!
G-Girlfriend?
G-Go-Good morning!
G-Good question.
G-Good to see you again, Mahiru-neesan.
G-Go on...
G-Great! It's perfect!
Gift Time.
gin no kaze ni tsubasa wo hirogete Opening my wings upon the silver wind gin no kaze ni tsubasa wo hirogete Opening my wings upon the silver wind gin no kaze ni tsubasa wo hirogete Opening my wings upon the silver wind towa no yume mo oikakeru unmei yo Fated to chase after an eternal dream
Girl has been selected!
Girlies, here for your class activities?
Girls!
Girls.
Girls...
Girls, are you with me?
Girls, be ambitious!
Girls, I found an album of Yume for us.
Girls, I'm back!
Girls, let's all have a lesson together!
Girls, let's sing together!
Girls, not all at once.
Girls really do like that stuff.
Girls, straighten your backs.
Girls, straighten your spines.
Girls, thank you for always being by my side.
Girls, what have you done to my mother?
Girls, you'd better not lose to Venus Ark!
Girls, you ready?
Give it back!
Give it up already.
Give it your all and do Four Star Academy proud!
- Give me a break!
Give me a break...
Give me a minute.
Give me a minute to rest.
Given the opportunity to observe the creation of a Premium Rare dress, I would be glad to have you.
Give us candy or we'll play a prank on you!
Give your throat some rest.
Giving up is even more baa!
Giving up now feels the same as losing!
Glad to be here!
Glad to have helped.
Glad to have you.
Glad to have you today.
Glad to hear it.
Gleam!
Glitter?
Glitter Glitter And it looks like more than usual too.
- Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter
- Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter - Glitter What's this?
- Glitter I got the same thing. I wonder what it is.
Go!
Go ahead.
Go ahead, Nijino-kun.
Goal!
Goal?
God! God of Aikatsu!
God, I beg of you. Please help Koharu-chan...
goes to you, Nijino Yume!
Goes to you, Nijino Yume!
Go for it! Go for it! Laura!
Go Four Star!
Go give 'em your best smiles today!
Go, go!
Go, go, go!
Go! Go! Go!
Go have some alone time.
Go home!
- Going back on the stage all of a sudden...
Going my way!
Going my way.
Going my way...
"Going my way". But in the end, I'm just copying Lily-senpai.
"Going my way". In the end, I'm just copying Lily-senpai.
Going ten games undefeated, Yuzu has won the annual New Year Hanetsuki Tournament!
Going there should serve her well.
Going to my limits in this year's S4 Selection has made it one to remember.
Going to my very limits in this year's S4 Selection will forever be engraved into my memories.
Gone!
Good!
Good.
Good. According to my analysis, we got through 123 lines.
Good afternoon!
Good afternoon.
Good afternoon. And congratulations on the CD debut.
Good afternoon. And congratulations on your CD debut.
Good afternoon, Asahi-senpai.
Good Aikatsu cannot be done without eating properly.
Good! And stop!
Good answer.
Good boys and girls shouldn't feed paper to sheep Good boys and girls shouldn't feed paper to sheep m 0 0 l 0 0 10 0 10 10 0 10 m 0 0 l 0 0 10 0 10 10 0 10 m 0 0 l 0 0 10 0 10 10 0 10
Goodbye!
Goodbye.
Goodbye. And take care, Katsura-senpai.
Goodbye everyone.
Goodbye, everyone!
Goodbye, Koharu-chan?!
Goodbye, Koharu-chan.
Good choice on your Dress Make.
Good day.
Good day, Elza.
Good day, Elza-sama!
Good day. I'll take breakfast in my room.
Good day, Japan.
Good day, ladies.
Good day. The time we spent together served well to polish my perfection even further.
Good day to you. It's a pleasure.
Good evening.
Good evening, everyone!
Good evening, everyone. I'm Kasumi Yozora.
Good evening. I'm Kasumi Yozora.
Good evening, viewers.
Good evening. Were you recording?
Good, everyone's here.
Good girl.
Good, good!
Good! Good!
Good, good! Next up, it's Alice-chan's turn!
Good, good! Now get out and go, go!
Good grief.
Good! I believed that's what you'd say.
Good, I can handle this. Speed up!
Good idea!
Good idea. I'll give it a try.
Good idea. I'll leave it in your hands, Mahiru.
Good idea. I think that would make her the happiest.
Good idea. Kids, is there anywhere you'd like to go?
Good idea! Let's go!
Good idea! She was even scouted by Elza-chan for her talent in design while she was doing Aikatsu in Italy.
Good idea. There's a lot of Aikatsu that'll surprise you here.
Good! I knew that's what you'd say.
Good! I'm counting on you.
Good, isn't it? Eat up and re-energize.
Good job!
Good job.
Good job out there.
Good job, Yume-chan!
Good! Keep going!
Good, keep looking straight.
Good, keep your eyes pointed forward.
- Good. Let's make good use of every second we've got until showtime.
- Good. Let's make this the best we can using every single second until it's time.
Good. Let's make use of every second we've got until showtime.
Good luck!
Good luck.
Good luck, Ako-chan.
Good luck, Alice-chan.
Good luck at your work.
Good luck, everyone!
Good luck, everyone.
Good luck, Hime-chan.
Good luck, Koharu-chan.
Good luck, Laura!
Good Luck Moving Center Good Luck Moving Center Are they moving Yuzu-senpai over to the high school?
Good luck on the next one.
Good luck on your first Dress Make.
Good luck! Subaru-kyun wished me good luck!
Good luck then.
Good luck, Tsubasacchi!
Good luck with your recording.
Good luck, Yume-chan!
Good. M4 will bring Elza Forte to her knees with their charm!
- Good morning.
Good morning!
Good morning.
Good morning, Ako-chan.
Good morning, babies.
Good morning, Elza-sama!
Good morning, Elza-sama.
Good morning, girls!
Good morning. I checked that the trains and buses were still running.
Good morning. I'm looking forward to today.
Good morning. It's finally recording day.
Good morning. I was just on my way out to meet you.
Good morning, ladies.
Good morning, Lilienne!
Good morning. Looks like the trains and buses are still running.
Good morning, Mahiru-chan.
Good morning, Nijino-san!
Good morning, sleepy princess.
Good morning! Sorry for the delay, babies.
Good morning. You're all early.
Good morning, Yume-chan and Laura-chan.
Good morning, Yume-chan, Laura, and Mahiru-chan.
Good morning, Yuzu.
Good. My voice sounds fine, and my throat doesn't hurt.
Goodness...
Goodness, already had enough?
Goodness gracious.
Goodness, how careless of me.
Goodness, how scary.
Goodness, I'm ashamed of myself for passing out.
Goodness, I'm impressed with how early you are.
Goodness, I'm such a naughty girl!
Goodness me, I slipped over my words.
Goodness, she's troubling to the very end.
Goodness, she won't even let me relax to the very end.
Goodness, that Hikaru. He really said that?
Goodness, vegetables again?
Goodness, what is the matter now?
Goodness, who just discarded this litter?
Goodness, who's littering?
Goodness, you even have a pose? It appears you're more than ready for today.
Goodness, you haven't changed a bit.
Goodness, you have such smooth, supple skin.
Goodness! You have such smooth, supple skin.
Good, nicely done.
Good night.
Goodnight.
Goodnight, Yume-chan.
Good! Now call down our guests.
Good, now one last thing.
Good, now turn! Look this way.
Good nyaning! It's Saotome Ako-nyan!
Good plan.
Good plan, it's kind of scary anyway.
Good plan. It's kind of scary anyway.
Good point.
Good question.
Good technique isn't her only calling card.
Good, thanks.
Good, that's enough!
Good. That's how it should be.
Good, that's the spirit.
Good. That's the spirit.
Good, that was rather skillful.
Good, then let's take it from the top.
Good. The same goes for me.
Good thing I knew something like this might happen.
Good, this'll definitely pass.
Good to have you today.
Good work!
Good work.
Good work, everyone.
Good work out there!
Good work today!
Good work today.
Good work. Your song was pretty good.
Good work, you two.
Good work, Yume-chan.
Good, you both pass.
Good. You may go.
Good, your movements are much sharper.
Good. Yozora-senpai is working hard to prepare for the fashion show the day after tomorrow.
Go on!
Go on.
Go on, let her have it.
Go on, Mahiru!
Go on, the crowd is waiting.
Go on, try touching that rose.
Go on, you shouldn't dilly-dally.
Go out and peddle.
Go out and shine with our Star Wings!
Go out and shine your brightest!
Go out and show everyone what it looks like when the two representatives of our year clash at the top.
Go out there and have a blast.
Go out there and hit us with the results of this past year!
Go out there and hit us with your past year's hard work!
Go patrol inside the building.
Go, right now!
Gosh, I thought I said to quit it with that name!
Gosh, I thought I told you to stop with that already!
Goshoutai shimasu My babydoll is colored like macarons bebiidooru ni wa makaron karaa My babydoll is colored like macarons bebiidooru ni wa makaron karaa Ribbons streaming down its length ribon chiribamete Ribbons streaming down its length ribon chiribamete With a body as soft and fluffy as cotton candy kotton kandi no fuwafuwa na karada
Goshoutai shimasu Won't you join me?
Gosh, you're too bashful.
Go slowly, one step at a time.
Got a problem?
Got a second?
Go, they're waiting for you.
Gothic Victoria would like to express its gratitude for everyone's support.
Got it!
Got it.
Got it. Ako-chan, hang in there!
Got it. Good luck with your S4 concert.
Got it. He couldn't have gone far.
Got it. I'll check it out.
Got it! I'll cheer for you!
Got it! I'll do my best!
Got it. I'll work hard so that I can see you off with a smile.
Got it. Keep us updated.
Got it. Later, boiled octopus.
Got it. Later, tomato.
Got it. So...
Got it. Then...
Got it. Update me when you can.
Got it! We're rivals, after all!
Got it. Will you lend me a script?
Go to the cabin and change into Venus Ark uniforms like proper exchange student.
Go to the cabin and change into Venus Ark uniforms like proper exchange students.
Go with you where?
Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco Carol-tan's gonna eat all of these documents!
Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter Congratulations!
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter It will make a one-of-a-kind
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter Hey!
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter There's no dress more fit to be worn for the S4 Selection.
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter I wonder how it'll be!
- Grade-up Glitter - Grade-up Glitter What is this Glitter?
- Grade-Up Glitter Yeah, a first live is a special moment.
Graduated?
Graduating...
Graduation!
Graduation - Diploma Ceremony Conferment Program: Opening Remarks School Song Diploma Conferment Headmaster Address Guest Congratulations Undergrad Rep Parting Words Graduate Rep Response S4 Crowning Closing Remarks - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I call the graduation ceremony to order.
Graduation is coming up soon.
Grandmother Anna, why is your mouth so big?
Grandmother, it's me, Laura Red Riding Hood.
Grandmother, it's me, Laura Riding Hood.
Grapes are in season right now, so that works out great.
Grassroots?
Gratitude?
Gratitude chocolate for people who look out for you.
Gratitude Gratitude Gratitude Gratitude Gratitude Ready?
Great!
Great! And you?
Great idea!
Great idea.
Great, I didn't get stuck at all.
Great! I have so much fun learning new things every day.
Great, I'll help you any way I can!
Great! I think I nailed it.
Great job!
Great job, Lily-senpai!
Great job, Yume.
Great job, Yume-chan!
Great! Look at this, Koharu-chan.
Great! Now all that's left is to wait for night.
Great, now we can assign parts and read through the script.
Great! Now we just wait for night to come.
Great, we're all here now.
Great! Yeah, it looks good!
Great, you're back to normal.
Great! You're in charge of handing out flyers then.
Great! You're in charge of handing out the flyers then.
Great! You've gotten a lot better, Aria-chan.
Green peppers have twice as much vitamin C as lemons.
Green tea. It goes best with Japanese sweets.
Green tea. It's flavor goes best with Japanese sweets.
Greetings.
Greetings, everyone.
Greetings, it's a pleasure to meet you.
Greetings, Japan.
Growing more every day to become a newer me.
Grow stronger, become a Premium Rare rival, and come at me.
Grow stronger, become my premium rare rival, and come at me.
Grow stronger, become my Premium Rare rival, and come at me.
Guess I should head back.
Guess it's my personality.
Guess it's proof of how great our performance was.
Guess so.
Guess this is what they call the solitude of genius.
Guess we've gotta watch for Rei-san too!
Guess we've gotta watch Rei-san too!
Guess what this is!
Guess you can't judge a book by its cover.
gurosu de kakeru mahou I hardly recognize the face looking back in the mirror hora kagami no watashi wa betsujin I hardly recognize the face looking back in the mirror hora kagami no watashi wa betsujin It awakens mezameteku It awakens mezameteku And I listen to my heart haato ga eranda
Guys...
Guys, this isn't cool.
gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru gyutto dakitsukeru Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer Don't cry, during this summer
Had I chosen to attend Tsubasa-senpai's show, I could have gotten Grade-up Glitter.
- Had I chosen to attend Tsubasa-senpai's show, I could have had Grade-up Glitter.
Ha ha, I'm really bad at acting cool.
Hair accessory Pretty!
Half an hour is more than enough!
Half an hour until we go live.
- Half pants - It expresses a more free and playful feeling than a skirt! - What bottom?
- Half pants That's definitely a design that only a pop brand could use for its Premium Rare.
- Half pants - What bottom?
Half pants What bottom?
Halftime show?
- Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Maruyama Sakura
Halloween is overflowing everywhere we look.
Halloween Magic.
Halloween★Magic Halloween★Magic Koharu-chan, your costume is just too wonderful!
Halloween Night! A platoon of toy soldiers marches across the sky Throughout my life...
Halloween Night Halloween Night Halloween Night Thank goodness.
Halloween Night I asked Nii-san to get M4 in on the event too.
Halloween Night It'll be okay. They said there'll be a big party at the end, so we can go ahead with the grab-bag plan there.
Halloween Surprise.
Halloween Surprise ☆ Halloween Surprise ☆ Halloween Surprise ☆ Forgive me! It's all my fault.
Hamburg steak!
Hanazono Kirara!
Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Dance Results Dance Results Next up is the fashion show.
Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Saotome Ako Saotome Ako Saitou Himeka Saitou Himeka Oumi Uru Oumi Uru Sonozaki Setsuko Sonozaki Setsuko Jin'i Michiru Jin'i Michiru Aoyama Naho Aoyama Naho Naruse Ayumi Naruse Ayumi Iguchi Miyu Iguchi Miyu Murasaki Kahoko Murasaki Kahoko Start!
Hanazono Kirara-san, go for it!
Hanazono Kirara's dress honestly astonished me.
Hanazono Kirara will be joining me as a special guest.
Hanazono Kirara, you know-nothing!
Hand mirror!
Hand mirror, hand mirror...
Hand-rolled sushi! So we can pick and choose what to make ourselves.
Hand-rolled sushi! So we can pick what we want ourselves.
Hand-shake Event Files Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Concert Locations Let's go through them together.
- Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations A little helping hand is nothing.
- Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations B-But...
- Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files
- Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations - Hand-shake Event Files - Concert Locations We admins have a lot of idol experience to draw upon.
Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Hand-shake Event Files Concert Locations
Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event
Hands off! The honor of celebrating Lilienne's win first goes to Yuzu-sama!
Hāngī food!
- Hanging everyone's wishes from wish papers will make for a beautiful Tanabata!
Hang in there. Hang in there!
Hang in there, Miranda!
Hang in there. We believe in you.
Hang on!
Hang on...
Hang on a second.
Hang on... everyone!
Hang on, isn't that how we've always been?
Hang on. Weren't we always rivals?
Hang on, Yume-chan.
hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true
Hapi hapi panchi hei shisutaa Happy Happy Punch, hey sister!
Hapi hapi panchi hei shisutaa - strawberry - strawberry - Blueberry - blueberry - Watermelon - watermelon - Mangosteen - mangosteen - Orange - orange - Peach lemon - peach lemon - Cherry, melo-melo-melon, punch!
Happiness escapes with a sigh.
- happiness - happiness Will you marry me?
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday, Mahiru!
Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito!
Happy Merry Christmas!
Happy New Year!
Happy New Year.
Happy things and sad things.
Happy times, sad times, fun times, painful times, and so many more that I cannot recount them all.
Harasho!
Hard candy?
Hardly.
Haruka!
Haruka came back for a surprise visit so that nobody'd forget about her!
Haruka came back for a surprise visit so that nobody'd forget about me!
Haruka failed too, and my excitement's down, down!
Haruka, I'm sorry for the short notice, but we need you to return to Japan immediately!
Haruka, I'm sorry if this sounds abrupt, but we need you to return to Japan immediately!
Haruka Luka.
Haruka☆Luka!
Haruka☆Luka?!
- Haruka☆Luka - Haruka☆Luka - Katsura Miki - Katsura Miki - Akashi Saya - Akashi Saya - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu! - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Haruka☆Luka - Katsura Miki - Katsura Miki I did it! Thanks, everyone!
- Haruka Luka - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Satsu Eri - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Your Rank
- Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura
Haruka's gonna try her very best!
Haruka's here too!
Haruka's very very mad!
Haruka Tornado!
has become a big wall in your way.
Hashiridashitara tomaranai Don't stop once you get running!
Hashiridashitara tomaranai Where is the courage to aim higher?
Has it sunk in yet? How do you feel right now?
Hasn't she just been leaping out of the frame ever since joining S4?
Hasn't she just been leaping out of the frame since she joined S4?
Has something happened?
Has that ever happened to you?
Have a fine day.
Have a good night.
Have a little more confidence in yourself.
Have a nice day.
Have any of you ever stood in the face of a storm?
Have any of you played volleyball before?
Have any plans, Laura?
Have a sweet dream...
Have a wonderful Aikatsu.
Have everyone on standby and ready to record.
Have faith. I'm sure we'll meet again.
Have faith. We'll surely meet again.
Have fun!
Have it your way!
Haven't I said it before?
Haven't we heard that name...
Haven't you been asking for one?
Haven't you been asking for one for a while?
Have the pairings been drawn up yet?
Have this if you'd like.
Have we not retrieved Yuzu-sama yet?
Have you all prepared for what's to come?
Have you already forgotten what Elza said?
Have you awakened, Princess?
Have you been lonely?
Have you been well?
Have you calmed down?
Have you decided where to go this weekend?
Have you ever considered how many fans you have out there?
Have you ever considered just how many fans out there want you?
Have you ever dived into such a terrifying storm?
Have you ever felt like that?
Have you ever felt that?
Have you ever heard that phrase?
Have you ever seen Laura perform?
Have you ever seen Laura perform before?
Have you ever seen the inside of a piano?
Have you finished?
Have you found the particulars of this campaign girl thing?
Have you heard?
Have you heard anything about that?
Have you heard those strange rumors?
Have you? I'm glad.
Have you made up your mind?
Have you never gazed upon FuwaFuwa Dream?
Have you never laid eyed on FuwaFuwa Dream?
- Have you seen our diamond?
Have you seen our diamond?
Have you seen them?
Have you sorted out your feelings?
Have you? That's great.
Have you three been in a team for a long time?
Having a brand, being a muse...
- Having all your wishes hung up all around us will make for a beautiful Tanabata!
Having all your wishes hung up around us will make for a beautiful Tanabata!
Having a new friend is gonna make everything more fun.
Having a rival is a great pleasure.
Having a weak constitution is a pretty big handicap.
Having dinner now?
Having four-leaf clovers to commemorate the occasion would be perfect.
- Having just one week of notice makes this harder than it'd seem.
Having just one week of notice makes this harder than you'd expect.
- Having someone close by to show you your potential is truly fortunate.
Having them rely on you is really amazing, Yume-chan.
Having to hold still with this weight...
Having to raise the satisfaction meter over ninety percent... That's a high hurdle to clear.
- Having your release dates clash is a tough break.
Having your release dates clash would be a tough break for anyone.
Headbutting is how Carol-tan shows her love.
Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach
Heading your way!
Headlong Ako!
Headlong Ako.
Headmaster.
Headmaster...
Headmaster, for what purpose do you continue forcing trials upon her?
Headmaster, I beg of you.
- Headmaster, if I remember correctly, didn't you go over budget during last year's event?
Headmaster, I need to head to the final point in Song Class's lesson room.
Headmaster, I need to head to the last stop in Song Class's lesson room.
- Headmaster, I recall you went over budget at last year's event.
Headmaster, I seem to recall that you went over budget at last year's event.
Headmaster, it's unreasonable to make that request when we haven't even had a rehearsal.
Headmaster, it's unreasonable to make that request without even a rehearsal.
Headmaster, I've brought Nijino.
Headmaster Moroboshi, it is a pleasure to see you again.
Headmaster, please give your permission.
Headmaster, please take it away.
Headmaster! Thank you so much!
Headmaster, there's no need to cry.
Headmaster, what are your intentions?
Headmaster, who do you think will win?
Headmaster, why choose Nijino if you foresaw this outcome?
Headmaster, why did you choose Nijino if you knew this would happen?
Heads up, boiled octo!
Heads up, tomato!
Head to toe...
Healing injuries fully is an important part of Aikatsu.
Hear, hear!
Hearing it gives you a positive outlook on life.
Hearing that from a design student makes me super happy!
Hearing that made me want to keep growing into a designer who can make everyone shine.
Hearing that my singing will be assessed fairly and fully.
Hearing that not just S4, but M4 will be starring too, really raises the bar.
Hear the voice of the wind and shake it kaze no koe wo kiite shake it To the magical sound of the bursting melody mahou mitai ni hajikeru merodii The entire city is my stage machijuu ga watashi no suteeji It's my stage watashi no suteeji It's everyone's stage minna no suteeji
Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo wow wow wow wow wow wow Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo wow wow wow wow wow wow When our gazes cross me to me ga au When our gazes cross me to me ga au
Hearts?
Heart Skip Yeah, I really do think MUSIC of DREAM!!!
Heart Skip Yume!
Hear ye! I pledge to support you with all I've got as someone just a few steps ahead!
Heave-ho!
- Heaven and Earth sharing a romance - ten to chi ga koi wo shite - Flowers bloom and birds dance - hana wa saki tori wa mau - Flowers bloom and birds dance - hana wa saki tori wa mau - Flowers bloom and birds dance - hana wa saki tori wa mau
- Heaven and Earth sharing a romance - ten to chi ga koi wo shite - Heaven and Earth sharing a romance - ten to chi ga koi wo shite - Flowers bloom and birds dance - hana wa saki tori wa mau - Flowers bloom and birds dance - hana wa saki tori wa mau
Heck yeah!
He definitely gets full marks for appeal.
He definitely gets full marks for appeal power.
He does?
He does quite a variety of work.
He got all serious for some reason.
He has a point.
He has made arrangements for me to debut my new Gothic Victoria dress!
- He has set up a large prize fund to attract a designer.
He invited me to join him.
- He is also willing to sponsor the winner.
Heisei Rap Series Heisei Rap Series Heisei Rap Series This might work too.
He is? That's great for you, Koharu-chan.
He is? That's great, Koharu-chan.
He is the head planner of this year's event committee.
He is Uchida Eikichi-san.
He just makes me want to throw him over my shoulder!
He'll be appearing on all sorts of shows in order to increase our station's appeal.
He'll have to win for her.
Hello!
Hello?
Hello?!
Hello.
Hello...
Hello, and good afternoon. I'm Nijino Yume.
Hello, and welcome back.
Hello, and welcome to Makiko's Room.
Hello, Caroline.
Hello everyone!
Hello, everyone!
Hello, everyone.
Hello, everyone. I'm Shiratori Hime.
Hello, guests of the Shiratori estate!
Hello, have you got a minute?
Hello, have you two forgotten about Kirara?
Hello! I'm here for your Fall Fest interview.
Hello, I'm Nijino Yume!
Hello! I'm Nikaidou Yuzu!
Hello! I'm pleased to introduce our special guest...
Hello! It is once again time for Four Star Academy's annual school festival!
Hello. It's a pleasure to see you ladies again.
Hello, Laura?
Hello, Mahiru-chan?
Hello, missy.
Hello, my name is Nijino Yume.
Hello, my name is Sakuraba Laura.
Hello! My name is Sweety Berry.
Hello, our show is under way.
Hello. Our show is under way.
Hello to everyone here at the Shiratori estate!
Hello, we're ready to begin for today.
Hello, what is it?
Hello, who's ready for lunch time?
Hello! You've reached Haruka Luka!
Hello, Yume-chan!
He may look laid-back, but his ability to judge singing is the real deal.
He may look laid back, but his ear for singers is the real deal.
He may look put-together, but the headmaster's actually pretty awkward at times.
He must be very particular because of his lead role.
He must have realized my greatness!
Henceforth shall I be...
Henceforth we are a new idol school...
He needed to let her know that must not rely on her power.
He needed to let her know that she must not rely on her power.
He noticed us.
Her...
Her Aikachew...
Her Aikatsu chews her food Aikatsu well.
Her Aikatsu Power, you might say.
Her Aikatsu Ranking is sure to get a huge boost.
Her arrival has brightened my outlook on Aikatsu even more.
Her bearing is east-southeast.
Her bearing is south-southwest.
Her brain just works differently!
Her brand is Spice Chord.
Her brand, Perfect Queen, is highly regarded by celebrities across the globe.
Her brand, Perfect Queen, is highly renowned with celebrities around the globe.
Her brand, Perfect Queen, which crisply encapsulates the concepts of luxury and gorgeousness, is really popular.
Her concentration was amazing!
Her coord with those wings...
Her currently-airing Rise of a Flight Attendant continues to top the rating charts.
Her dream?
Her dress evolved.
Her dress has wings?
Her dress, song, and dance are all absolutely perfect.
Her dress was more dazzling than anything I've ever seen before, and it accentuated her natural allure.
Here!
Here.
Here, a muffin I got for you as a refreshment.
Here are documents detailing how we set up all of our handshake events last year.
Here are flowers for everyone!
Here are the cards I've held on to.
Here are the rules.
Here at Four Star Academy.
Here at Kira Kira Stadium, the annual big event Amazing Idol Fes has just concluded.
Here at Kira Kira Stadium, the annual big event, Amazing Idol Fes, has just concluded.
Here at Venus Ark, only those idols acknowledged by Elza-sama are permitted to board.
Hereby officially accept the mantle of Spice Chord muse.
Here, eat up.
Here, Elza-san.
Here for another battle?
Here for Dress Make?
Here, for each of you.
Here, for you.
Here, friend chocolate.
Here goes everything, leaving no regrets.
Here goes everything, no regrets allowed.
Here, grilled corn on the cob.
Here, grilled corn-on-the-cob.
Here, have as much as you'd like.
Here, have some too.
Here, here!
Here, here! There's something Kirara really wants to do!
Here, here! There's something Kirara really want to do!
Here I am.
Here I am, given the chance to perform with my idol, Hime-senpai...
Here I am standing stuck in my tracks tatazumu boku wa doushite So please tell me why I'm so hopelessly in love nee doushite konna ni suki da nante One day I'll be able to see you smile again kimi ga hohoemu mirai de And until we can meet I'll be here
Here, I brought Auntie Smile's cookies as a present.
Here I come!
Here I go!
Here in the Beauty Class, we are constantly in pursuit of a higher beauty.
Here is M4 with their song, "Our Miracle".
Here is the Dress Make Room.
Here is the next script.
Here it comes, Aria-chan!
Here it is.
Here, it's your favorite.
Here, kitty kitty!
Here, my Valentine's chocolate.
Here's a flower for everyone!
Here's a handkerchief, Yume-chan.
Here's a hand massage.
Here's a hint: what's this?
Here's mine.
- Here's our next news item. - Straight to the Point! Entertainment News - Straight to the Point! Entertainment News - Straight to the Point! Entertainment News You've all heard of the devastatingly beautiful idol, Kasumi Yozora-san.
Here's our next stop, the Moon Beauty Class.
Here's the flyer.
Here's the last place.
Here's the question: The Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito campaign girl, Nikaidou Yuzu's, favorite flavor of konpeito is strawberry...
Here's the research you requested I compile regarding venues in England.
Here's the research you requested regarding venues in England.
Here's to celebrate the end of a long filming.
Here's to the completion of a long filming.
- Here's to the start of new Aikatsu for all of us.
here's your Aikatsu Mobile.
Here's your outfit.
Here's yours, Yume-chan.
Here, take this.
Here, this is for you.
Here, this is the last one.
Here to Dress Make?
Here we are!
Here we are.
Here, wear this.
- Here we go!
Here we go!
Here we go.
Here we go! Aikatsu rock-paper-scissors shoot!
Here we go, Aria-chan.
Here we go, let's do it!
Here we go, this time with a flourish!
Here we go, this time with grace!
Here we go, Yume!
Here you all were.
Here you are.
Here you are. It's ginger tea.
Here you are, Nijino Yume-san.
Here you are. Thanks for waiting.
Here you are, Yume-chan.
Here, you can ask him yourself.
Here, you can use this.
Here you go.
Her growth has been simply outstanding.
Her growth is simply outstanding.
Her hint is: Who stole Theater Class's appeal time during the Star Captor Festival?
Her hint was, "Who snatched Theater Class's appeal time from them during the Star Captor Festival?" Will Yume be able to find her S within the time limit and avoid the tickle punishment?
Her house is full of huge pearls and expensive things, and she wants to go back there.
Her house is full of huge pears and expensive things, and she wants to go back there.
Her interests are singing and flowers.
Her kindness!
Her last performance was overwhelming, and entranced everyone who saw it.
Her love is too big.
Her magic performance gets me going!
Her methods may be different, but I think our views on professionalism are basically the same.
Her mother is a world-renowned supermodel.
Her name is Hoshimiya Ichigo-senpai.
Her name is Miss Romance.
Her name's Nikaidou Yuzu!
Her name's Suzu. She's been feeling down.
Her name was Yukino Hotaru-san, right?
Her new dream is to wear a self-designed Premium Rare Dress after she makes S4.
Her passion for design has drawn my interest.
Her passion for dress design reached the heart of the judge and led her to victory.
Her performance and Star Premium Rare Coord were both mindblowing.
Her performance and Star Premium Rare Coord were mind-blowing.
Her performance at the Final Stage was overwhelming, and entranced everyone who saw it.
Her performance magic gets me going!
Her personal brand...
Her personality's a bit out there, but her acting is a diamond in the rough.
Her personality's a bit out there, but I sense an uncut diamond in her acting.
- Her popularity's skyrocketing!
Her poses and expression crafting are perfect.
Her posing and expression crafting are just perfect.
Her Premium Rare Dress was unbelievably extravagant and radiant.
Her presence is overwhelming.
Her radiance can't be outshined by the sun.
Her radiance is for illuminating the smiles of the boundless people surrounding her.
Her radiance is truly deserving to bear the name of the Sun Dress.
Her real name is Moroboshi Hotaru-san.
Her rival...
Her script.
Her singing prowess is not to be underestimated.
Her singing was amazing, of course, but it was her dress that stole my heart.
Her sister Yozora-senpai is a model famous across Japan, and her brother Asahi-kun is a member of the popular group M4.
Her skills are the real deal.
Her Star Kissing Jewel Appeal was brilliant!
Her star wings will shine eternally.
Her star wings will shine until eternity.
Her sublime effulgence can be be called nothing but the sun itself!
Her terrible treatment is...
Her traits will find their place, but the core values will remain unaltered.
Her two consecutive S4 spots will go down in history!
Her very first performance shook up the entire school.
- Her voice was said to resemble that of an ephemeral shooting star.
Her who?
Her winged coord...
He said that I was the one who wasn't sparkling, and that I was rushing and only looking forward.
He said that you were fond of melon flavored konpeito when he invented that cake.
He said that you were fond of melon-flavored konpeito when he invented that cake.
He said we could have them!
He says that I'm the one who isn't shining, and that I'm rushing and only looking forward.
He's doing it as a favor, so there's no problem.
He's going to get angry.
He's good.
He's got something to tell you.
He's got taiyaki!
- He's holding a concert to commemorate its inception.
He's holding a concert to commemorate its opening.
Hesitate, worry, struggle, You're bright red. You really are a tomato.
He's not moving... are you okay?
He sounds like a great actor.
He sounds like an amazing actor.
- He's planning to hold a concert to commemorate the opening.
- He's putting up a large amount of capital in his search for a designer.
He's small now!
He's tiny!
He's tough.
He's up here!
He's your headmaster.
He's Yuuki Subaru-kun, from M4!
He told me I'd be expelled if I couldn't show any results.
He wanted to spare you from the same fate and prevent you from reaching the same tragic end as Hotaru-senpai.
He wanted to spare you from the same fate and save you from Hotaru-senpai's suffering.
He wanted you to know the truth.
He wants me to pick?
He was a legendary artist who sang about how rock was his way of life.
He was even in the movie with us.
He wished for an idol of Four Star Academy to perform the honors, and so he came to me.
He would very much like for an idol of Four Star Academy to do the honors, I'm still scared to go on stage alone.
Hey!
Hey.
Hey...
Heya!
Heya.
Hey, about today's party...
Hey, Ako-chan.
Hey, Ako-chan! That was mean!
Hey, are you listening to me?
Hey, are you okay on time?
Hey, are you taking this seriously?
Hey, Aria-chan.
Hey, babies! It's time for class.
Hey, baby.
Hey, boiled octo.
Hey, boiled octopus!
Hey, by the way.
Hey, by the way...
Hey, calm down!
Hey, can I have a word?
Hey, can you really call those abs?
Hey, come back!
Hey, come on in, everyone.
Hey, could you get off me?
Hey, did you go to Rei-san's lesson?
Hey, did you hear about it?
Hey, did you hear? It doesn't look like anybody's going to Nijino-san's concert.
Hey, don't all ask at once.
Hey, Elza. Sorry to bother you.
Hey everyone!
Hey everyone.
Hey, everyone!
Hey, everyone! Doesn't it feel kinda lacking just watching us?
Hey, everyone! Don't you feel a little empty just watching us?
Hey everyone, how're all your summer vacations bouncing along?
Hey everyone, how're you spending your cheerful summer vacations?
Hey, everyone out there.
Hey, girls.
Hey girls, do you know who dropped these?
Hey girls, what's wrong?
Hey guy, how would you like to buy a ticket?
Hey, happy New Year.
Hey, have you heard?
Hey, have you read all of these?
Hey, hey!
Hey, hey! I wanna hear that line!
Hey, hey! I wanna hear that line again!
Hey, hey! Listen, listen!
Hey, hey, what kind of place is Finland?
Hey, hey! Where's Ako-chan?
Hey, hey! You should totally enter this Fest, Aria.
Hey, hold on. What's going on, you two?
Hey, hurry up and come back!
Hey, if it isn't jumbo ribbon.
Hey, if we ever got a regular show for ourselves, what kind of segments would you want?
Hey! Is Nijino here?
Hey, isn't that Nijino Yume-chan?
Hey, isn't this perfect for me?
Hey, I think I saw a commercial with her!
Hey, I think I saw her in a commercial!
Hey! It's about time to start rolling!
Hey. It's been a while.
Hey, it's Nijino Mame!
Hey, it's no fair to do just Yozora-tan!
Hey, it's not fair to focus on Yozora-tan!
Hey, it's Yume-chan!
Hey! I've got a delivery for you, babies!
Hey! I won!
Hey, jumbo ribbon!
Hey, jumbo ribbon.
Hey, Kanata.
Hey, keep your voices down.
Hey, Kirara! Why did you come out with her?
Hey, knock it off!
Hey, Koharu-chan.
Hey, Koharu-chan. Between me and Laura, who do you think is the better singer?
Hey, Laura!
Hey, Laura.
Hey Laura, what's your favorite food?
Hey, Laura. Why don't we put on a show?
Hey, let's enter the Unit Cup!
Hey, let's go and write our S4 ambitions on prayer plaques.
Hey, let's go write our S4 ambitions on prayer plaques.
Hey, Lilienne. Can you help me stretch?
Hey, listen to this! We just got off time!
Hey, listen to this! We just got off-time!
Hey, look.
Hey, look at me!
Hey, look at this.
Hey, lookie! Doesn't this look like Spice Chord?
Hey, look up there!
Hey, Mahiru.
Hey, Mahiru! Don't you dare say you've already given up on defeating her.
Hey, Mahiru. I just got here a bit early.
Hey, manager.
Hey, "Mikki"?!
Hey, mind keeping your presumptions to yourselves?
Hey, Miranda. Are you hungry?
Hey, missy.
Hey, my Song Class babies!
Hey, Nee-san.
Hey, Nijino.
Hey, Nikaidou!
Hey, no problem.
Hey, Onee-chan. Do you want to hang out in my room and talk all night?
Hey, party people!
Hey, quiet in the library!
Hey! Return Mahiru at once!
Hey, someone!
Hey, stop it already! Yume-chan's about to come on stage.
Hey, stop! Knock it off!
Hey, Subaru-kun. You stuffed that too much.
Hey, Subaru-kun. You stuffed too much into that one.
Hey, that hurt, Yume!
Hey, that's enough of that.
Hey, that's my...
Hey, that's way too much!
Hey there.
Hey there, how would you like to buy a ticket?
Hey, tomato.
Hey, wait!
Hey, wait! It's embarrassing to hear you say that out loud!
Hey, wait just a...
Hey, wait up!
Hey, wake up!
Hey, watch your...
Hey, we've got a customer.
Hey, what are you doing?
Hey, what are your plans for Christmas Eve?
Hey, what do you think makes me unique?
- Hey, what do you think Yozora-senpai has planned as her extra oomph surprise?
- Hey, what do you think Yozora-senpai's secret weapon is?
Hey, what kind of surprise do you think Yozora-senpai's going to put her extra oomph towards?
Hey, what's that supposed to mean?
Hey, what's the big idea?
Hey, what's wrong?
Hey, what's your name?
Hey, where are we?
Hey, where were we supposed to go again?
Hey, whoever made me this chocolate!
Hey, who let you decide for me?!
Hey! Why aren't they ready?!
Hey, why aren't you in a boiled octopus costume, Nijino?
Hey, why don't the two of us make a unit?
Hey, would you let me handle it?
Hey, you!
Hey, you all right?
Hey, you already performed the song we're doing, right?
Hey! You can't talk to Elza-sama like...
Hey, you know.
Hey, you'll keep on doing it with me like Yume-chan and Koharu do, right?
Hey, you'll trip if you run...
Hey, you've sung the song we're doing on stage before, right?
Hey, Yume!
Hey, Yume.
Hey, Yume! Are you okay?
Hey, Yume-chan.
Hey, Yume-chan! It's time to get going!
Hey, Yume, just let me know.
Hey, Yume! You're letting the line get too long!
Hey, Yume! You seriously want to talk about Elza-san on S4's show?!
Hey, Yuri-chan. Your last show was fabulous.
H-Handshake please!
H-Headmaster?!
H-He came all this way to see me?
H-Hey.
H-Hey...
H-Hey, Tsubasa-senpai...
H-Hey, wait!
H-Hey, Yume!
H-H-Hime-san?!
H-Hime-senpai!
H-Hime-senpai?
H-Hime-senpai!? Did you hear me?!
H-Hime-senpai? G-Good afternoon.
H-Hold it right there!
H-Hold on.
H-Hold on a second! Why are you cutting them up?
H-Honestly?!
H-How can I help you?
H-How does it look?
H-How horrifying!
H-How is it?
H-How were you?! What are you even aiming for?!
H-Huh?
H-Huh? For what?
H-Huh? My voice isn't coming out right.
H-Humilis?
Hi!
Hi, Aria-chan! How have you been?
Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna!
Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Here.
Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna
Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Let's see here... Nijino Yume.
Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna Hibiki Anna You can bet I'll be rocking this year with you, so don't you forget it!
- Hibiki-sensei, a wall is certain to appear before every elite.
Hibiki-sensei, even the most talented of elites run into walls.
- Hibiki-sensei, even the most talented people run into walls.
Hi, class! I'm your doctor, Nurse Koharu!
Hi everyone!
- High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality Domestic Konbu - High Quality
- High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality
Hi girls, it's Kirara!
Hi, hi! Kasumi Mahiru-san is currently at the stadium.
Hi! I'm here for your Fall Fest interview.
Hiiru de sukippu hazumu fashon ja nakya!
hikari sasu hou e Gather here where the music never stops flowing!
Hikari wa motto tooi sora negai wa maketari shinai honki no kimi wo matteru And the other girls with Saaya-chan!
hikari wa motto tooi sora The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far
Hikari wa motto tooi sora The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far
Hikaru?
Hime...
Hime-chan!
Hime-chan brought me along.
Hime-chan has told me all about you, Nijino Yume-san.
Hime-chan said she had something to take care of and went inside the ship to play, but then the seagulls called me outside, and I couldn't get back in.
Hime-chan's awesome!
Hime-chan, this is for you.
Hime-chan told me about this, and I just couldn't sit still.
Hime-chan, you came to watch!
- Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry - Hime Curry Let's dig in!
Hime Curry I'll take a super spicy Hime Curry.
Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Fickle Onion Spicy Melody Fickle Onion Spicy Melody Fickle Onion Spicy Melody Sending Shiratori Hime's Heart to You!
Hime Curry Special Hime Curry Special Tune in soon to see the next Hime Curry Plan!
Hime Curry This isn't half bad.
Hime is going to be covered on a show titled Fervent Continent.
Hime is going to be featured on a show called Fervent Continent.
Hime, it's high time you return to the stage.
Hime-kun...
Hime left for a faraway show yesterday, and she won't make it back until after Fall Fest.
Hime left yesterday for a distant show, and won't make it back until after Fall Fest.
Hime-oneechan?
- Hime-oneechan, are you okay?
- Hime-oneechan, are you unhurt?
Hime-oneechan, are you unhurt?
Hime Photo Hime Photo Hime Photo Sending Shiratori Hime's Heart to You!
Hime Rouge My, what a lovely color!
Hime Rouge - New Product - New Product - Red Cute - Beige Cute - Pink Cute - Raspberry Cute - Crazy Cute - Hime Rouge Hime Rouge - New Product - New Product - Red Cute - Beige Cute - Pink Cute - Raspberry Cute - Crazy Cute - Hime Rouge
Hime Rouge - New Product - New Product - Red Cute - Beige Cute - Pink Cute - Raspberry Cute - Crazy Cute - Hime Rouge Hime Rouge We created the Hime Rouge with you in mind, Shiratori-san.
Hime-sama!
Hime-senpai!
Hime-senpai?
Hime-senpai.
Hime-senpai...
Hime-senpai and I are completely different.
Hime-senpai and the others are all kind, so I bet we'll be able to get tons of candy!
Hime-senpai and the others are co-starring in a drama, and afterwards they'll be returning here.
Hime-senpai and the others are co-starring in a drama together, and they'll be returning here afterwards.
Hime-senpai and Yozora-senpai were even busier than us...
Hime-senpai, aren't you fresh off a trip around the world to see the Aikatsu it has to offer?
Hime-senpai! Are you okay?
Hime-senpai, did my face get round?
Hime-senpai, didn't you just return the other day from traveling to see Aikatsu around the world?
Hime-senpai explained it to me afterwards.
Hime-senpai from the high school's already been scouted.
Hime-senpai gave me permission to include you in the shoot.
Hime-senpai had told me...
Hime-senpai helped me take hold of this opportunity.
Hime-senpai helped me to take hold of this opportunity.
Hime-senpai Hime-senpai See, we had to patch over this part. Sorry!
Hime-senpai Hime-senpai You did it, Yume.
Hime-senpai, how do I win?
Hime-senpai... I...
Hime-senpai, I'll definitely get into S4!
Hime-senpai! I might not be able to release my CD!
Hime-senpai in our high school was already scouted.
Hime-senpai is amazing.
Hime-senpai is a prodigy.
Hime-senpai is Hime-senpai, and I'm me, right?
Hime-senpai is still so far.
Hime-senpai is still so far away.
Hime-senpai is way too unbelievable!
Hime-senpai, I think I understand now.
Hime-senpai really is amazing.
Hime-senpai sang this song there!
Hime-senpai's appearance!
Hime-senpai's CD is almost guaranteed to be a million seller.
Hime-senpai's show is a live broadcast.
Hime-senpai's song carried her message straight through to my heart.
- Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild Here you are. Eat up while it's still hot.
- Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry
- Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild Okay!
Hime-senpai told me...
Hime-senpai truly is fantastic.
- Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai Four-leaf clovers?
- Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai
Hime-senpai was dazzlingly bright and radiant.
Hime-senpai was so awesome in that video.
Hime-senpai, well done out there.
Hime-senpai, what am I supposed to do?
Hime-senpai, what should I do to win?
Hime-senpai, what's wrong?!
Hime-senpai, why are you dressed like that?
Hime-senpai, your dress...
Hime-senpai! Your Premium Rare Dress was super lovely!
Hime Shiratori?
Hime Shiratori, you are unbelievable.
Hi, Mister Moroboshi.
Him? They added him into new scenes, so he's out filming on location.
- Him? They added new scenes for him, so he's out filming on location.
- Him? They put him is more scenes, so he's out filming on scene.
Hinder-der-der...
Hinder hinder!
Hinder hinder come on!
- Hinder hinder. Hinder hinder!
His advice was correct!
His movements are so sharp.
- His name is Yotsuba Shun-san.
His passion for work is so wonderful!
Hiss!
hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star
Hi there!
Hi there. Did you forget something?
Hitohira no chou ga habataki wo shiri yagate kaze ni naru Just imagining where your Aikatsu will lead you is truly intriguing.
hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru
Hito no kazu dake hikaru Dreams come true!
hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo
hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our
hitori hitori chigau kedo But we're connected by the light of individuality kosei no hikari wo musundara But we're connected by the light of individuality kosei no hikari wo musundara It's glittering magic that draws constellations in the sky seiza ni naru mahou no kirameki gurittaa It's glittering magic that
Hi, we're sorry to trouble you, but could we get a ride to the event grounds up ahead?
Hm, now where can I find Yuzu-chan's partner?
Hmph!
Hmph! Did you forget again?
Hmph! Were your eyes even open when Laura-chan was up there?
Hm, please give me a moment.
Hodotooku naku naku nakunai!?
Hold back your pain and part with a smile!
Holding the lead by and far is Four Star Academy's Nikaidou Yuzu!
Hold it!
Hold it, I can't let that go unchallenged.
Hold it. I wanted to say that you had a brilliant performance.
Hold it, Laura! Be sure to eat your green peppers too!
Hold it right there!
Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly Hold me tightly gyutto dakitsukeru
Hold on!
Hold on.
Hold on a sec!
Hold on! I don't think it's a bad suggestion, but she's the total opposite of Yuzu-senpai.
Hold on! I think there's something to your idea, but she's the total opposite of Yuzu-senpai.
Hold on, Nijino-san. You shouldn't get up so suddenly.
Hold on to these.
Hold your horses!
Holy... it's like she suddenly put on a mask.
Home?
Honestly!
Honestly.
Honestly...
Honestly, does she really understand the position she's in right now?
Honestly, does she understand the position she's in?
Honestly I could do these easily, but I still don't find them entirely necessary.
Honestly, I feel outdone.
Honestly, if I really put my mind to it, then this mountain is but a molehill to me.
Honestly, I'm not sure.
Honestly, it's a tough decision.
Honestly, it surprised me too.
Honestly, it wouldn't have been such a hit if not for Saotome's influence.
Honestly, just how much of a perfectionist can you be?
Honestly, seeing Hime encourages me to work even harder.
Honestly, she got me all worked up for nothing.
Honestly, she let the whole of her ability flow out and envelop the competition.
Honestly, that's an unsatisfying margin you beat Beauty Class by.
Honestly, the two of you can't think of anyone but each other.
Honestly, truly, and freely Honestly, truly, and freely Like every day's sunny Like every day's sunny And so, the story reached a happy ending.
Honestly, what are you doing, Hanazono Kirara?
Honestly, what gives him the right to lecture me like that?
Honestly, you girls...
Honey!
honki no kimi wo matteru Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be
Hoo-chan?
Hoo-chan and her family have four members too!
Hoo-chan, take good care of your family.
Hooray! Everyone!
- Hooray! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Everyone!
Hooray! Hooray! Everyone! Hooray!
- Hooray! Hooray! - Hooray! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Kirara!
Hooray! Hooray! Kirara-chan!
Hooray! Hooray! Kirara-chan! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Laura!
Hooray! Hooray! Laura-chan!
Hooray! Hooray! Laura-chan! Hooray!
Hooray Hooray Laura Go for it Go for it Laura Do your best too, Yume-chan!
Hooray! Hooray! Natsuna!
Hooray! Hooray! Natsuna! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Saya-chan!
Hooray! Hooray! Stella!
Hooray! Hooray! Sumomo!
Hooray! Hooray! Sumomo! Hooray!
Hooray! Hooray! Yume!
Hooray! Hooray! Yume-chan!
Hooray! Hooray! Yume-chan! Hooray!
Hooray! Kirara-chan!
Hooray! Laura-chan!
Hooray! Natsuna!
Hooray! Sumomo!
Hooray! Yume-chan!
Hopefully I can gain some insight at Venus Ark.
Hopefully Kirara-chan can find a way back to join Elza-san.
Hopefully Kirara-chan gets back with Elza-san all right.
Hopefully she will be able to help.
Hopefully this will be able to help.
Hop on the Venus Wave!
Horses!
Hoshi furu yozora sakasa ni natte ouchi ya neko ga chuu wo mau tanoshii yume wo miseteageru issho ni ikou yo That glimmer is only visible due to the gathering of small lights.
Hoshimiya Ichigo Yurika-chan!
hoshi no kirameki nakusanai you ni So I'll never lose the glimmer of the stars hoshi no kirameki nakusanai you ni I flash my flawless smile erabareta egao de I flash my flawless smile erabareta egao de And I'll always be standing up here forever itsumo kawarazu tachi tsudzuketeru kara
Hot!
Hotaru-san, thank you for everything.
Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu Hot spings sour konbu I made some for everyone,
- Hot Spring - Hot Spring - Hot Spring Hot Spring Hot Spring Hot Spring I apologize for the delay.
Hot springs sour konbu...
How...
How about...
How about adding a girlfriend for my character?
How about a scene where someone is putting on lipstick and makeup in front of a mirror?
how about basing it on a fairy tale?
How about Dance Class?
How about giving my character a girlfriend?
How about me and you do a performance?
How about more cookies?
How about picking our coords?
How about picking what coords to wear?
How about telling everyone what you've been into lately? We'll start with Nijino-san.
How about the Dance Class?
How about the plaza at the shopping district?
How about the plaza in the shopping district?
How about this?
How about this one?
How about this one? No, maybe this one.
How about we head on out to Kira Kira Bay then?
How about we meet at the main gate at 9 tomorrow morning?
How about we start by coming up with catchphrases of our own?
How about we try for a fairy straight out of a fairy tale?
How about we write about our favorite flavors of Jewel Ice Cream?
How about writing our favorite flavors of Jewel ice cream?
How about you hand over the Princess Diamond now.
How about you hand over the princess diamond to us now.
How about you sing on stage for Koharu to cap the party off?
How adorable!
How adorable! Mind if we stop and look?
How am I supposed to do all this by myself?
How am I supposed to know?
- How am I supposed to stop the power from coming out?
How am I supposed to tell her that now?!
How arduous the path to idolhood is...
How are the others?
How are things on your side?
How are we supposed to have a lesson in these if we can barely walk?
How are we supposed to have a lesson in these if we can't even walk?
How are you all enjoying yourselves?
How are you? Did your fever come down?
How are you doing?
How are you feeling?
How are you feeling right now?
How are you going to fare with that slowing you down?
How are your hands?
How beautiful!
How beautiful...
How can I stop it from happening?
- How can I stop it now?
How can she spin so quickly on one leg?!
How can we do that?
How childish.
How cool... it's very cool!
How could I end up fighting with Koharu-chan...
How could I ever be able to maintain my composure in front of Subaru-kyun?
How could I ever forget about someone like you?!
How could I miss such an important show?
How could I possibly die with you shouting like that?
How could I possibly not be happy?
How could I stay away?
- How could it be?
How couldn't I be?
How could that possibly be?
How could this be?
How cute!
How dare you deceive me like that!
How dare you forget about your best friend!
How dare you... how dare you...
How did it turn out?
How did Nijino Yume's score turn out?
How did she achieve such a fast ascension?
How did you acquire your Glitter?
How did you do that?
How did you ever get to that level?
How did you figure that out?
How did you get that coord?
How did you get that good?
How did you know?
How did you write it?
How did you write those words?
How'd it go, Ako-chan?
How does Princess Dream sound?
How does Saturday at noon sound?
How does this one look?
How do I do that?
How do I express all three of us?
How do you all feel?
How do you feel?
How do you feel about your third consecutive win in the S4 Selection?
How do you feel, contestant?
How do you feel looking back on the past year?
How do you feel now that it's a new day?
How do you feel now that you've accomplished it?
How do you feel right now?
How do you think the Four Star girls will do on the proficiency tests?
How droll.
How'd you end up hitchhiking from there?
How'd you find me?
How'd your first lesson go?
How'd your first lessons go?
How else do you intend to make it?
However!
However...
However, be prepared to face the full extent of my abilities.
However, don't go past your limits.
However, do you not have your own endeavors to attend to?
However, do you really believe that Elza's schedule would allow for that, Kirara?
However, hearing her proclaim that fate is on her side only strengthens my will to oppose her!
However, I find the most important thing is to sincerely enjoy fashion.
However, if you do not one day bloom on your own, only pain awaits!
However, if you do not one day bloom on your own, only suffering awaits!
However, I have a dream.
However, it comes with a condition.
However, it is impossible to ignore the influence of Elza Forte's Sun Dress.
However, it is not for expulsion, but your graduation.
However, it was not to Four Star Academy, but Koharu Nanakura.
However, it was not to Four Star Academy, but to Koharu Nanakura.
However, it will not be all of you.
However, it will not be for all of you.
However, let me clean the hallways as well.
However, my lessons are not to be taken lightly.
However, nobody can say for certain which of the nine bearers of Star Wings it will appear before.
However, nobody can say for certain which of the nine bearers of Star Wings it will emerge before.
However, nobody gives her a second glance. Let's give it a run.
However, now is the time to endure.
However, only four will have the privilege of taking the stage.
However, she has yet to repeat the spark she demonstrated at her debut performance.
- However, she has yet to repeat the spark she showed at her debut performance.
- However, she has yet to satisfy the power I seek even once since her debut performance.
However, she is the idol that Hime Shiratori singled out, so this may be the natural outcome.
However, she was always busy with one thing or another, flying all around the world.
However, Shiratori Hime-senpai did not partner with a brand, instead deciding to create her own.
However, Shiratori Hime-senpai did not partner with any brand, You're making me love My Little Heart more than ever.
However, that group will only consist of four idols.
However, that just means you went from one-third to half-baked.
However, that only inspired Lily-senpai to dream even bigger.
However, that will soon come to an end.
However, there is a glimmer inside you.
However, there is a glimmer yet inside you.
However, there is something I must accomplish first.
However, there's a factor more important than fitness or knowledge that is needed to inherit Spice Chord.
However, there's a more important factor than fitness or knowledge needed to inherit Spice Chord.
However, the snow will one day melt.
However, this is an idiom for this.
However, this is not an expulsion, but your graduation.
However, this one was part of an idol event.
However, to tide you over under they get here, Four Star Academy's Sakuraba Laura and S4's Nijino Yume will be performing.
However, truly shining idols pierce the hearts of those who lay eyes upon them, granting great power.
However, we'll just watch from the sidelines.
However, we must resolutely don our dresses and face the storm without faltering.
However, we must resolutely don our dresses and face the storm without wavering.
However, were I able to complete this event...
However, we shall be the victors of this race.
However, when those are not possible to attend, you must devote yourself to what you can.
However, when you cannot partake in them, you must devote yourself to what you can.
However, you must maintain your composure.
However, you refused to abandon it, and constantly kept your chin up.
However, you refused to abandon it, constantly keeping your chins up.
However, you're in for a big surprise if you think it'll be a walk in the park.
However, you will be disqualified if you get too scared along the way.
How exciting.
How far back does it go?
How far back does this trace?
How has Nijino Yume's Aikatsu been progressing?
How has Venus Ark been?
How have you been?
How have you been since leaving?
How heartwarming it must be to hear that your singing inspired her to start too.
How horrifying!
How inspiring, Yuzu-senpai.
How interesting. So all of you were at Venus Ark.
How intriguing.
How intriguing. I'm attracted to how she sees the world through a different lens.
- How is she different now?
How is she feeling?
How is this amount of strength?
How is this so delicious?!
How I was?
How long do you intend to continue simply supporting me?
How long do you think we've known each other?
How long I have waited for this moment...
How long will you keep this up?
How lovely!
How lovely.
How many pieces of mochi do you want in your soup?
How many times do I need to say not to call me...
How many times do I need to tell you not to call me...
- How many times do you think I told you to always leave a margin for error?
How many times do you think I told you to be on time for today's vital dress fitting?
- How many times have I told you always to leave margin for error?
How many times have I told you to always leave margin for error?
How much more must you pamper me before you're satisfied?
How naive of them to make sushi for Subaru-kyun of all people.
How naïve of them to make sushi for Subaru-kyun of all people.
How often do you think a chance to hug a koala comes along?
How pretty!
How pretty.
How're you all doing?
How ridiculous.
How romantic.
How should I color this one?
How should I do this part?
How should we do that?
How should we handle our outfits?
How's it feel, Sakuraba?
How's it flowing?
How's it going?
How's it going, babies?
How so?
How's that?!
How's that sound? What do you think?
How's this?!
How's this look?
How's this one?
How strange...
How stunningly beautiful!
How sweet.
How's your voice doing?
How terrifying...
How to create an elegant reprieve How to create an elegant reprieve How to create an elegant reprieve How to create an elegant reprieve How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve - Garden Art - How to create an elegant reprieve
How to put it...
- How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project
- How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project - How to Sing and Project She acts all high and mighty, but she's dedicated to whatever she needs to do.
How unexpected.
How unfortunate.
How unfortunate. If nothing changes...
How very intriguing.
How very intriguing. That was a rather positive introduction given that you're their greatest rival.
How very intriguing. That was a rather positive presentation given that you're their greatest rival.
How very like her.
How very like you.
How've you been?
How was I?
How was it in Italy?
How was it when you took part?
How was that, Yume-chan?
How was your meeting?
How well can you create a unique dress suited for nobody but yourself?
How were you able to get your Glitter?
How will the brand change with the instatement of a new muse?
How will they surpass the greatest S4 we have ever had?
How will they thrust past this hurdle?
How will you be measuring fear?
How wonderful!
How wonderful! It would make all of us here very happy.
How ya'll doing?
Hoyo?
Hoyo...
"Hoyo"...? Aria, you're rank is super good right now! Do you understand that?
"Hoyo"...? Aria, your rank is super good right now! Do you understand that?
Hoyoyo?
Huh?
Huh?!
Huh...
Huh? A-Am I really?
Huh?! A-Are we interrupting?
Huh? About what?
Huh, a cough drop? I have some.
Huh?! All of them?
Huh? Are you alone?
Huh, are you serious?
Huh?! As if I'd ever like a girl like her.
Huh? A solo live?
Huh?! B-But I was under the impression that was the proper course of action...
Huh? But...
Huh? But I...
Huh? But wasn't it the Shadow Star...
Huh? But we know it was the Shadow...
Huh, but why?
Huh? But why?
Huh?! But you're the one who hid the treasure.
Huh? But Yuzu-senpai, you have your student council president work...
Huh? Can I really say I had fun doing any of that?
Huh? Can't I?
Huh? D-Did I go too far?
Huh? D-Do I really?
Huh? Did I manage to surprise you, Lilienne?
Huh? Doesn't it look like they're fighting?
Huh? Don't be stupid, we were just acting the parts.
Huh? Don't be stupid, we were just playing the roles.
Huh? Do you know what it means, Mahiru-chan?
Huh? Elza-san's entering the festival too?
Huh? Elza-san's the only person who isn't excited.
Huh? Elza-san's the only person who wasn't stirred at all.
Huh? Go where?
Huh? Hello?
Huh? Hey, are you okay?
Huh? Hey, wait!
Huh? H-Have I really?
Huh? H-Hey, hold on! Wait up!
Huh? How did you know?
Huh? How do you know my name?
Huh? I can have it?!
Huh? I didn't expect you to get lost too, Hime-senpai.
Huh?! I-I was under the impression that was the proper course of action...
Huh, I never knew you talked to Mahiru-chan's sister about that.
Huh? In what way?
Huh? Is Koharu going in for an early lesson too?
Huh? Isn't that part different from the design?
Huh? Is that all it is?
Huh? Is this Piroshenko-san?
Huh? It looks like the sailor split into three.
Huh?! It's a done deal?
Huh... it's too bad it's drab.
Huh, I've got the strangest craving for some sour konbu.
Huh? Last time?
Huh? Laura, are you scared?
Huh? Lily-senpai, you want to create your own brand?
Huh? Momoko-sensei?
Huh, next?
Huh, next time?
Huh? Nijino Yume-chan?
Huh?! No way!
Huh? No, well...
Huh? Of course not.
Huh?! Or not?
Huh, really?
Huh? Really?
Huh?! Really?
Huh, really? Then how do you make up...
Huh? Rei-senpai is?
Huh, right here?
Huh? Saya?
Huh? Sensei, I have a question.
Huh? She's a real person who goes here?
Huh? She's not here.
Huh? She talks about me?
Huh? So even you get lost sometimes, Hime-senpai.
Huh? Sorry, my hand folded on its own.
Huh? Speaking of, I don't see Mahiru anywhere.
Huh? Sure thing.
Huh?! Tell me that sort of thing earlier!
Huh, that's rare coming from you.
Huh, that's rather exclusive.
Huh, that's rather strict.
Huh? That uniform...
Huh? The headmaster does?
Huh? The ladybug disappeared.
Huh, then what are you? A cherry tomato?
Huh, then what are you? A pickled octopus?
Huh? There's something inside of it.
Huh? The seal?
Huh, they are? Well, if that's all...
Huh? They're leaving.
Huh? Tick tick tick tick...
Huh... too bad it's so drab.
Huh? To where?
Huh? Um...
Huh?! Um...
Huh?! Wai...
Huh? Wait, Nozomu-kun?
Huh? Was I looking tense just now?
Huh? Wasn't this supposed to be held in the Hall?
Huh?! Was she actually mad?
Huh? Was that why?
Huh? Was there always a fairy role?
Huh, what?
Huh? What do you mean?
Huh? What'd you say?
Huh? What? I'm not on the ship?
Huh? What is it?
Huh? What's their hurry?
Huh? What's up?
Huh?! What's with this?!
Huh, what's wrong?
Huh? What's wrong with me?
Huh? What, you new here?
Huh? Where did Koharu-chan go?
Huh, where'd it go?
Huh? Where'd she go?
Huh? Where is this?
Huh? Where're the others?
Huh? Where's Carol-tan?
Huh? Where's Elza-san?
Huh? Where's Laura?
Huh? Where's Yuzu-sama?
Huh? Which part?
Huh? Which way did we come from?
Huh? Who am I speaking to?
Huh? Wh-What important job?
Huh, why?
Huh? Why?
Huh? Why do you ask?
Huh? Why isn't she projecting?
Huh, why? Kirara wants to be the star.
Huh? Why Los Angeles?
Huh? Why not?
Huh? Why's that?
Huh? With me?
Huh? Yes.
Huh, you are? That's too bad.
Huh? You did?
Huh? You got a cookie too?
Huh, you? It goes without saying...
Huh, you know him?
Huh? You mean like as a food?
Huh? You mean me?
Huh? You're...
Huh? You're a marathon runner?
Huh?! You're breaking the combo?
Huh? You're gonna be a tour guide?
Huh? You're not smashing tiles?
Huh? You're still wearing that Jack-o'-lantern?
Huh, you think I should?
Huh, you think so?
Huh? You think that's all there is to it?
Huh? You think that's it?
Huh, you were?
Huh? You were looking without even knowing?
Huh? Yume-chan?
Huh? Yume-chan and Koharu-chan!
Huh? Y-Yeah.
Huh? Y-Yeah...
Human houses are so interesting!
Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup! Hup!
Hurry and get ready!
Hurry, hurry!
- Hurry on the costume change.
Hurry, the Venus Ark students should be appearing momentarily.
- Hurry up and get back, President!
Hurry up and get ready!
Hussle Idol Discipline.
Hustle Idol?
Hustle♪Idol Discipline☆ Hustle♪Idol Discipline☆ Hustle♪Idol Discipline☆ Not yet, I'm still not good enough!
Hustle Idol Fest!!
- Hustle Idol Fest!! - Hustle Idol Fest!!
Hyuuri...
Hyuuri is a very important friend to me.
Hyuuri is my precious friend.
"I"?
I...
I absolutely don't want to lose to Yume this time.
I absolutely refuse to lose to her.
I accept!
I accept my loss.
I accept your challenge.
I accept, Yume-chan. Let's face off on stage once more.
I actually got the chance to make my CD debut, but if I can't fix myself...
- I actually have a proposal for her.
I admired S4, entered Four Star Academy with Koharu-chan, and met Laura, Mahiru-chan, and Ako-chan.
I admit defeat.
I adorned it with both casual and chic accessories to prevent it from being too spicy.
I agree!
I agree.
I agree...
I agree, Ako-chan.
I agree, but we're still a bit lost on what to do.
I agree. Especially her classmate, Laura-chan.
I agree. Let's all go together.
I agree. Let's go with that.
I agree! My heart skipped a beat watching from way over here.
I agree. Plus there's the fact that we're all busy preparing to set off.
I agree. Plus, we're all busy getting ready to set off.
I agree. The kids will love it too.
I agree with Laura.
I aim to make a million friends and Aikatsu my best!
I allow it, Yuri.
I almost felt like I'd never be able to reach you.
I almost forgot.
I almost forogt.
I alone am perfect!
I already am! And you know how much I hate cleaning.
I already bought my ticket!
I already brought an outfit for this...
I already brought my own clothes...
I already did. I went through them all last night.
I already got tickets for it!
I already knew from chasing after you for so long.
I already know who you are.
I already passed my prelims, so it's totally fine.
- I already told you I'll be okay.
I already told you what comes next.
I also asked the staff from our show to help out too.
I also feel like I've been allowed to grow a lot at Venus Ark.
I also feel like I was allowed to grow a lot at Venus Ark.
I also have a problem with four-character idioms.
I also have orange and mint ones, as well as a lozenge.
I also have to apologize for not being able to draw a large audience.
I also learned something from the discovery of such a fashionable cake.
I always cheer for Laura to do her best, and so when she does, you get an amazing performance like she had today.
I always cheer on Laura to do her best, I want everyone to get along and cheer.
I always follow through on my convictions to the end.
I always have, and I always will.
I always have, and I always will love you.
I always imagine that I've followed Hime-senpai's footsteps into S4.
I always knew the day would come when we must part ways.
I always looked up to you.
I always put my heart and soul into singing.
I always see my decisions through to the end.
I always think so, but it's this too intense just for warming up?
I always thought that I wanted to be like Hime-senpai when I got into S4.
I always thought that was good enough for me.
I always used to think you were incredible.
I always watched you.
I am.
I am a bit upset, but I'm really happy that everyone got to appreciate your charms!
I am a fairy who lives in the Kingdom of M4, Nozomu.
I am afraid it is not that simple.
I am also looking forward to being here with you.
I am, and I'll do my best!
I am a princess.
I am a professional pianist.
I am disappointed, but I'm behind you all the way.
I am Elza Forte.
I am going to study diligently in the high school in order to answer the expectations of those who have supported me.
I am here only for you.
I am Igarashi Nozomu.
I am in a frozen landscape.
I am incredibly grateful that you gave me this opportunity.
I am in your debt.
I am Katsura Miki, a third-year admin of Dance Class.
I am Kisaragi Tsubasa, in the Bird Theater Class.
I am Kisaragi Tsubasa, in the Theater Bird class.
I am Moroboshi, headmaster of Four Star Academy.
I am Naruse Ayumi, of Shiny Academy.
I am no different.
I am no mere cat!
I am not!
I am not mistaken.
I am not yet perfect.
I am of the same mind.
I am only worthy of wearing it when I myself become the top idol.
I am only worthy of wearing one when I myself become the top idol.
I am part of Song Class.
I am perfect.
I am Piroshenko!
I am prepared to accompany you to the extent of my ability, even if I should collapse on stage!
I am privy to your predicament.
I am Shiratori Hime of Song Class.
I am Shirogane Lily.
I am Shirogane Lily, and I have rushed here to stand as Nikaidou Yuzu's partner.
I am Shirogane Lily, and I will be your tour guide. I will do my utmost to make this a pleasant and enjoyable experience.
I am, thank you.
I am the current family head, Shiratori Hime.
I am the director, Okamoto Jirou.
I am the headmaster of Four Star Academy, Morohoshi.
I am the president of Koukadou, Koumoto Kaoru.
I am the tick tick ding-dong idol with a mental database, after all.
I am too.
I am Tsubasa.
I am Yotsuba.
I am your host, Makisugi Makiko.
I am your new homeroom teacher, Shirogane Liliko!
I am your tour guide Shirogane Lily, and I will do my utmost to make this a pleasant and enjoyable experience.
I anticipate great things.
I apologize.
I apologize, but I must ask you to leave.
I apologize for barely making it on time.
I apologize for bringing you all the way out here so early on the day of your Summer Fest.
I apologize for cutting it this close.
I apologize for increasing your workload by requesting a set change.
I apologize for keeping you.
I apologize for my abruptness.
I apologize for my rudeness.
I apologize for the sudden change.
I apologize for the sudden summons.
I apologize if I scared you.
I apologize on their behalf.
I applied plenty of stamps to celebrate her return.
I applied to Four Star Academy because I wanted to be like them!
I appointed her as a Beauty Class admin.
I appointed her to be a Beauty Class admin.
I appreciate it.
I appreciate the compliment.
I approve of your decision to dock in Japan just to scout her.
I, as a fan of Subaru-kyun myself, should have known how my own fans felt better than anyone.
I asked around, but it doesn't look like we can get one in time.
I asked her to defeat you to stop you from retiring.
I asked Laura to help me out with my jogging, but that just makes me hungry...
I asked the butler, and he took the boat out for us before work.
I asked the right person, Koharu.
I asked you here today to discuss how best to remain in those spots and create...
I asked you here today to discuss how best to secure those spots and create...
I ask of thee, do doff thy name!
i a t a r a s h i i k i m i g a i r u n e O n m o r n i n g s I w a n t t o c r y n a k i t a i a s
I attended your Rainbow Berry Parfait event. Your rainbow coord was just lovely.
I await further reports.
I became a model at the recommendation of others, walking down a runway prepared for me while crafting fake smiles devoid of joy.
I became an idol, and everything was so amazing I couldn't possibly sum it up.
I became aware of it during that time.
I became conscious of that strange power a little bit before I joined S4.
I began my Aikatsu and created Venus Ark due to my mother's influence.
- I believed it proper to pursue a dream alone, blind to the helping hands of others.
- I believed that dreams were meant to achieve alone, without relying on anyone else.
I believed that dreams were meant to pursue alone, without relying on anyone else.
I believe I can do it.
- I believe I heard that right about now, as we near the end of winter, bees start becoming active again.
I believe I know what they'll say after seeing my new dress: "These colors are nice. I never expected this style to work.
I believe in myself!
I believe in Rei-san.
I believe in you.
I believe I told you about it before.
I believe I told you before.
I believe it's about time for it to begin.
I believe she has devoted herself to philanthropy since her retirement.
I believe she lives a peaceful life now.
I believe she said prior to the Aikatsu Ranking that Venus Ark would be shutting its doors.
I believe she should be returning soon.
I believe that as long as you do the best Aikatsu you can, your fans will definitely watch out for you.
I believe that as long as you do the best Aikatsu you can, your fans will recognize your work.
I believe that being with friends who are as serious about shining brightly as yourself is more important than any pretty dress.
I believe that I'll be able to do it now.
I believe that is from a Nordic country.
I believe that it is a dress exemplifying both summer and you.
I believe that it is a dress exemplifying both summer and yourself.
I believe that my wishes will be granted kono omoi ga kanau to shinjiteru I believe that my wishes will be granted kono omoi ga kanau to shinjiteru I believe that my wishes will be granted gin no kaze ni tsubasa wo hirogete Opening my wings upon the silver wind
I believe that she currently lives a peaceful life.
I believe that the key can be found through this unit.
I believe that the power forces open your latent abilities.
I believe that the power forces your latent abilities into bloom.
I believe that this tree connected by strong emotions expresses the bonds of S4.
I believe that to be a good idea.
I believe that yellow is the best color to use as the dress's base.
I believe that your Aikatsu will make a fresh start here.
I believe the next episode is when the super idol of my dreams makes his first appearance.
I believe there's a nearby cafe with delectable cream puffs!
I believe this arrangement would be to our mutual benefit. Do you agree?
I believe this room was Kasumi's.
I believe this situation calls for me...
I believe this unit holds the key.
I believe you. Don't disappoint!
I believe you have already realized, but my former appearance was but a guise.
I believe you've already met Kirara.
I believe you will be able to do so.
I bet...
I bet Aria-chan and Mahiru-chan are working even harder right now.
I bet everything on that stage.
I bet the kids'll be really happy!
I bet you want to make up as soon as possible, but you have no idea where to start.
I bet you were basking in the glow of your victory.
I bet you were basking in the joy of winning.
I bought them in Italy.
I bought your "Best of" album!
I bought your Best of album!
I brought Alice-chan too.
I brought a present for you.
I brought a taped foreign musical masterpiece.
I brought the candy. This year we've got a variety of gummies.
I brought this for you.
I brought three hundred tiles!
I brought you a...
I brought you research on England and English textbooks.
I brought you resources on England and English textbooks.
I called around, but there's no way we can get one in time.
I call it a sweet spice mix.
I call it the "Ako-chan's the best after all!" plan!
I call it the Yumeathlon!
I call to open the S4 Selection for Beauty Class!
I call to order the graduation ceremony.
I came as fast as I could.
I came for your call! Baa baa baa baa!
I came to Four Star so that I could show you up.
I came to see you on stage.
I came to see your performance.
I came to watch!
I can?
I can barely wait!
I can. B-But...
I can climb this!
I can enhance everyone's radiance with this dress I made with Koharu-chan!
I can even feel the heat.
I can feel its warmth spreading down my throat.
I can feel Mahiru's essence on each of these pages.
I can feel the fun spreading in my mouth!
I can feel the gentle touch of autumn.
- I can feel the warmth spreading down my throat.
- I can feel warmth spreading down my throat.
I can feel you nearby Where's Yuri-san?
I can finally do Aikatsu with Koharu-chan at Four Star again!
- I can finally rest assured.
I can finally step up to my new start line.
I can finally step up to my own new start line.
I can get one as well provided I hold a big performance!
I can handle this.
I can hardly believe my eyes!
I can hardly believe that I got all these New Year's cards!
I can hardly wait!
I can hardly wait.
I can hardly wait for spring to come.
I can hardly wait to see what lies ahead for Nijino-san.
I can hardly wait to see who will enter each class.
I can hear a melody brewing.
I can hear... I can hear them.
I can hear the flowers.
I can hear the sound of S.
I can hear the wind.
I can hear whispers of the sky-colored breeze.
I can illuminate everyone's radiance with this dress I made with Koharu-chan!
I can just feel your enthusiasm.
I can keep moving forward and shining bright because you're here.
I can look back on our time with satisfaction.
I can make this bountiful spring veggies, meat, and fish paella even with my eyes closed.
I can no longer avert my eyes.
I can no longer sit back.
I cannot even think to ascend the trees you climb with ease.
I cannot exempt myself from this simply because of my position.
I cannot... handle... the heat...
- I cannot imagine a more fitting opportunity to face your current difficulties head-on.
I cannot let that pass unchallenged.
I cannot stand this world any longer.
I cannot take the same lessons or train like everybody else.
I cannot write well with my left hand.
I can now inform you that for this audition, we will be requiring a slightly different promotion than usual.
I can now say with confidence that I wasn't wrong!
I can only hope.
I can only hope Japan's idols have as deep a flavor.
I can only hope she's thought this through.
I can only hope the idols from Japan have as complex a flavor.
I can only hope the inheritor of Spice Chord does not deserve that title.
I can only hope the inheritor of Spice Chord is not one herself.
I can only tolerate so much of your arrogance!
I can recall as if it were yesterday, the day I enrolled in Four Star Academy, dreams and expectations filling my breast.
I can see disagreement in your eyes.
I can see it.
I can see it in you.
I can see it. It's becoming clearer.
I can see that!
I can see that. You grew up surrounded by nature.
I can see the light of hope!
I can see them shining even brighter from now on.
I can see your arms shaking.
I can see your potential.
I can see you've come face to face with an enormous wall.
I can sense a talent behind the cute transformation you gave them.
I can smell Onee-chan again.
I can smell Onee-chan's scent again.
I can soar to unseen heights with you.
I can still go on!
I can still hardly believe that we made it into Four Star Academy.
I can still keep going.
I can't!
I can't afford to betray them.
I can't afford to fail, but still...
I can't afford to lose!
I can't apologize enough for before.
I can't back down now. Guess I'll try burning like in the old days.
I can't back down now. Guess I'll try burning like the old days.
I can't bear to part with the last one.
I can't believe Aria entered too.
I can't believe I got all these New Year's cards!
I can't believe I got to spend time alone with Hime-senpai on New Year's.
I can't believe I have such a lovely dress that's all my own!
- I can't believe I have such a lovely dress that's my very own!
I can't believe I have to do this two days in a row.
I can't believe in her.
I can't believe it might take away my song.
I can't believe it's this late already.
I can't believe I've never been able to do something this simple for you.
I can't believe not a single member of Dance Class can keep up with Nikaidou!
I can't believe she made Kirara cry like that.
I can't believe that girl changed it at the last minute.
I can't believe Venus Ark is closing.
I can't believe you actually got the Sun Dress...
I can't believe you can hold such an awesome performance in the same school dresses we wear!
I can't believe Yozora-senpai lost!
I can't be satisfied unless I split the shell perfectly in half.
I can't be without her!
I can't bring myself to feel disappointed.
I can't call myself Beauty Class's S4 rep if I can't get my own Star Premium Rare Coord!
I can't choose!
I can't contain my excitement!
I can't contain my excitement and anticipation!
I can't contain my excitement just thinking about the year to come!
I can't contain my excitement realizing that there's so much more I can do!
I can't contain my excitement, thinking about the year to come!
I can't contain my excitement to see what kind of dress we'll make!
I can't contain my excitement waiting to see what kind of dress we'll make!
I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart
I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart I can't contain this feeling in my heart kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born
I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain
I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu
I can't deny that her walking was flawless.
I can't disappoint them.
I can't do it!
I can't do it, yo!
I can't do this...
I can't do this at all...
I can't do this without your strength That means they had to find time in their busy schedules to practice.
I can't draw out the full brilliance of my Neptune Coord as I am now.
I can't eat it any more, but it's always given me strength before important performances.
I can't eat it anymore, but it's always given me strength before important performances.
I can tell we're going to make a lot of fun memories.
I can tell what kind of person someone is by their skin.
I can tell what you just thought.
I can tell you that you danced just fine.
I can't even begin to imagine how it ended up with all the ad libbing we did.
I can't even begin to imagine how it turned out with all the ad libbing we did.
I can't even lift this!
I can't even pick it up!
I can't even take one step up trees you can climb with ease.
I can't fault you for faltering when faced with so many choices.
I can't figure it out!
I can't find my Aikatsu Mobile.
I can't find the other students anywhere.
I can't get enough!
I can't get her Star Premium Rare Coord out of my mind!
I can't go on...
I can't... go on...
I can't hear them clearly.
I can't help but admire how incredible they all are.
I can't help but admire those special dresses that only S4 can wear.
I can't help but wanna shoulder throw him!
I can't help but wonder.
I can't help it!
I can't help thinking of Aikatsu even when I'm eating or sleeping.
I can't help wanting to see more and more of your Aikatsu.
I can't hold back any more!
I can't, I can't, I can't!
I can't imagine a better way to face you fair and square.
I can't imagine anyone being able to sneak in.
I can't imagine anyone more suited for the position than you.
I can't imagine joining any but her's.
I can't imagine what it would be like without you!
I can't imagine what I would do without you!
I can't keep up!
I can't let a lady do all the heavy lifting.
I can't let this get me down as an admin of Song Class.
I can't Lun Lun!
I can't match her in anything I do.
I can't match Laura as I am now.
I can't move a muscle...
I can't really hear you.
I can't remember a thing.
I can't say. All the talent in the world means nothing if you lack the will to make it shine.
I can't say. Even all the talent in the world means nothing if you lack the will to make it shine.
I can't say for certain.
I can't say for sure.
- I can't say I appreciate your tardiness on day one.
I can't say I understand what you're trying to imply.
I can't say whether it's a blessing or a curse...
I can't see the path I'm supposed to take.
I can't see where I'm going...
I can't see you any other way.
I can't sense the slightest hint of one from her.
I can't stand it!
I can't stand this!
I can't stand to stay still right now.
I can't stand when people are unable to read the mood.
I can't stop crying!
I can't stop myself!
I can't surpass myself if I'm only having fun.
I can't take any more!
I can't take credit...
I can't tell them apart at all.
I can't tell what I got wrong.
"I can't throw beans at my senpai." "I can't beat Elza Forte." Don't you think that instinct is working against your Aikatsu?
I can't understand a girl's heart, and I probably never will.
I can't understand you through the crying!
I can't wait!
I can't wait another second.
I can't wait for Hime-senpai's concert!
I can't wait for the festival!
I can't wait meow!
I can't wait to hear Yume-chan sing!
I can't wait to relax at home...
I can't wait to see!
I can't wait to see Hime-senpai's live performance!
I can't wait to see how the movie ended up.
I can't wait to see what encounters I'll have in Italy.
I can't wait to see where Yuzu-senpai ends up going.
I can't wait to start my Aikatsu, so I've decided to leave right away"...
I can understand everything from one's skin.
I can understand Hime, but why scout her?
I can understand why the Shadow Stars are after it.
I caught a glimpse from the corner of my eye and hoped they were.
Ice!
Ice cream! Ice cream! Laura!
Ice cream is best normal!
Ice cream, please!
Icemon!
I certainly would, Tsuru-san.
Ichiban boshi ni nare star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet Aboard the first-star bound star jet
Ichigo.
I chose this.
I come in last all the time.
I completely ruined my performance to see Koharu-chan off.
I concur.
I consider you the greatest actor ever.
I convinced myself I had it all figured out...
I could climb anything!
I could do just fine without your compliments.
I could feel it in my bones that she would be the best in Song Class.
I could feel it when we shared the stage before.
I could go for some ice cream.
I could hardly believe how good S4's acting was.
I could hardly believe it when I saw that the morning drama star Tsubasa-senpai would be in it!
I could hardly believe it when the morning drama star Tsubasa-senpai played a supporting role!
I could never forget.
I could never forget it.
I could not be more pleased.
I could not have predicted from our first encounter that Yume Nijino would make it this far.
I could not have without you.
I couldn't...
I couldn't ask for a better opponent.
I couldn't ask for a better rival!
I couldn't ask for more!
I couldn't be happier.
I couldn't believe my eyes when I saw Yozora-senpai lose.
I couldn't be more prepared.
I couldn't care less about M4!
I couldn't feel it at all!
I couldn't grab any!
I couldn't have become the world's best idol alone!
I couldn't have done it without you.
I couldn't have done it without you both.
I couldn't have expected it...
I couldn't have found it without you.
I couldn't have made my Rainbow Étoile Coord without her.
I couldn't have won it without you.
I couldn't help but imagine— If this moment could last forever, how wonderful it would be.
- I couldn't help but imagine— that if this moment could last forever, - I couldn't help but imagine, if this moment were to last forever, Just the four of us together, huh.
I couldn't help it! As I was baking it with my thoughts full of Subaru-kyun, it just ended up that size!
I couldn't help it! I kept thinking of Subaru-kyun and it just grew and grew!
I couldn't help myself and...
I couldn't just sit there and do nothing.
I couldn't make a single sale.
I couldn't possibly refuse.
I couldn't possibly show my face at such an embarrassing event!
I couldn't resist giving everyone chocolate, so I made it in a hurry.
I couldn't see any sparklies in her.
I couldn't see anything!
I couldn't stand it.
I couldn't tell you this before, but after I lost during last year's S4 Selection, I was actually a little bit frustrated too.
I could only get it after I was acknowledged as a perfect top idol.
- I could've never imagined so many people would show up.
I crashed and burned on stage at Koharu-chan's send-off event.
- I'd be a fool to let it go now!
I'd be ashamed if I didn't.
I'd be disheartened if I weren't so astounded.
I'd be hard-pressed not to.
I'd be hard-pressed not to You've made a sharp observation.
I'd be honored!
I'd call this a pretty nice boat.
I'd do anything at all you want me too, Elza-sama!
I decided not to get sad until after.
I decided to change classes in order to fight against myself in the Theater Class.
I decided to create a dress to draw out her charms for you all to appreciate.
I decided to create a dress to draw out her unseen charms for you all to appreciate.
I decided to release the seal.
I declare it!
I definitely couldn't have done it alone.
I definitely want to get my own!
Identify yourself!
i d e T h e s i g h t o f y o u r s m i l i n g p r o f i l e h o h o e n d a s o n o y o k o g a o
I'd forgotten.
I'd forgotten about it since I moved into Four Star and spend every day with you all, but it really was lonely watching the house alone.
I'd given up hope, but she really turned it around.
I'd given up hope, but she really turned the tables around.
I'd hit a wall in my dress designing.
I did.
I did, but hearing Lily-senpai sing has got me worried all over again.
I did, but Lily-senpai's performance has got me worried all over again.
I did it!
I did it! I passed!
I did it! I really did it!
I did it, Yume!
I didn't!
I didn't.
I didn't, actually.
I didn't come intending to be stopped here.
I didn't do this just to get eliminated here.
I didn't expect Elza-san to be here.
I didn't expect her to turn it all around at the eleventh hour.
I didn't expect that kind of thing from Mahiru-chan.
I didn't expect to end up in the same team as Tsubasa-senpai.
I didn't get any points from the Amazing Idol Fes, so I already knew it was a long shot.
I didn't hear anything about that!
I didn't know Aikatsu could be this fun.
I didn't know the admins did work like this too.
I didn't know you could find Japanese food in New York.
I didn't know you could hold such an awesome show in the same school dresses we wear!
I didn't mean it like that.
I didn't mean to butt in.
- I didn't put sugar in it, so it's okay to drink at night.
I didn't realize at all.
I didn't realize how much time had passed when I was choosing my dress.
I didn't really do much beforehand.
I didn't really understand back then, but now I do.
I didn't take you for the type to give up without trying.
I didn't think I'd ever hear those words coming from your mouth.
I didn't think you'd actually know I was coming, Lilienne. You're too good.
I didn't want anybody to think I was chosen just because we're sisters.
I didn't want to call you until I was confident I wouldn't cry.
I... didn't want to lose to Yume again.
I did. She was the idol closest to the Star Wings.
I did think about it...
I disagree.
I discovered my purpose.
I dislike repeating myself, but I'll say it once more.
I distressed over whether I had hurt someone dear to me, been misunderstood, and made her despair.
I'd like to ask Tamagorou-sensei to take it away!
I'd like to ask you to lend your support to a local event.
I'd like to collect ideas about what scenes you want to do before moving into the planning proper.
I'd like to come up with a plan for certain victory.
I'd like to continue for a bit longer?
I'd like to convey my happiness to them through this song.
- I'd like to decorate a gorgeous tree to be as radiant as Christmas itself.
I'd like to decorate a tree so grandly it is as radiant as Christmas itself.
I'd like to get this show on the road...
I'd like to hear more about Mahiru-san as well!
I'd like to help...
- I'd like to hold this lesson to help all of you who lack experience.
I'd like to introduce you to my partner.
I'd like to introduce you to today's special guest, Nanakura Koharu-san!
I'd like to lend you my support after everything you did for me at the spa resort!
I'd like to order my usual.
I'd like to say cherry considering my name, but it's actually papaya.
I'd like to see you all keep bringing smiles to lots of people.
I'd like to see you perform too.
I'd like to start with the show dancer scene.
I'd like to throw her into a shoot right away. What do you think?
I'd like you to make a guest appearance at my next show.
I'd love to!
I'd love to.
I'd love to hear more about your journey and the Aikatsu you did.
I'd love to, Laura!
I'd love to see it!
I'd love to see more and more of the dresses all of you design too.
I'd love to swim with it.
I'd love to think so, but I can't think of anywhere other than a dream I'd get the chance to appear on such a popular show.
I'd love to wear a dress like the ones on that poster.
I'd love to wear an adorable dress like that too.
I'd never felt like that before.
I'd never forget.
I'd never make it! I've never acted before in my life!
I'd never make it! I've never acted in my life!
I'd never turn my back on that.
I do!
I do believe that I am most fit to go first.
I do, but it's important to consider how Berry Parfait's fans feel.
I do disagree.
I do happen to be off then.
I do have regrets.
I do, I do!
I do it often with fortune telling.
Idol Dress Coordination!
I do like them, but I don't feel like it right now.
Idol pirates? That sounds so cool!
Idol Rock Awards, Self-produce Dance Vocal Audition, Finding rookie idols! Audition, Cinderella Stage Audition, Dancing Star Audition, World's Greatest Sweets Idol Selection I understand your feelings very well.
Idols!
Idols?
Idols are all about stamina.
Idols are built on more than stamina.
Idols are environmentally friendly!
Idols are so lucky they get to wear all sorts of stylish clothes.
Idols are to face all those who should come their way in a fair manner without thought of running away.
Idols at Four Star Academy work hard every day to light up the stage with their performances.
Idols each representing a country will compete for the title in this tournament.
Idol sisters? That's awesome!
Idols must always be prepared for the scrutiny of the public eye.
Idols must be strong in order to live on their own.
Idols must face all who cross their path with grace and honor, never thinking to run away.
Idols of our school!
Idols sure are great.
Idols will compete with everything they have built up.
Idol Under Pursuit?!
Idol Under Pursuit.
I do not.
I do not blame you if you think I'm not taking this fight seriously.
I do not know what she had in mind at the time, Perhaps it was Yuzu's whim, or else a careful plan.
I do not mind.
I do not sense the slightest hint of one from her.
I do not understand what's going through her head.
I do not want to lose to anyone. No matter what, I will prove that the top spot and S4 belong to me.
I don't believe it.
I don't believe that!
I don't even know myself!
I don't even want to blink.
I don't ever want to lose!
I don't ever want to show you a failure like that again.
I don't get it.
I don't get it...
I don't get it anymore!
I don't get it either!
I don't get it. It's so weird.
I don't get it. It's so weird...
I don't have any sense for design.
I don't have the leisure for romance...
I don't have time for romance...
I don't have time to waste thinking about it.
I don't just want to use my sister as an incentive, but be in a relationship we inspire each other.
I don't just want to watch their concert at the party.
I don't know.
I don't know...
I don't know for whose sake I should sing.
I don't know how to deal with her.
I don't know much about Elza-san or Venus Ark's mantra.
I don't know much about Elza-san or Venus Ark's philosophy.
- I don't know what happened, but if they can pull off such great performances now, I'm okay with it.
I don't know what happened, but if they can pull off such great performances now, that's enough for me.
- I don't know what happened, but if they can pull off such great performances, then that's enough for me.
I don't know what lies around the bend, but I'm going to believe that the best does." You have stepped forth onto a path that is truly yours alone, and nobody else's.
I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to think!
I don't know when I'll be back in Japan, so I've gotta buy all the stuff I want now.
I don't know who I should be singing for.
I don't like things like that...
I don't mean for eating, but for the Halloween Princess.
I don't mind.
I don't mind, Koharu.
I don't mind putting off the filming for another day.
I don't mind. This is Venus Ark.
I don't mind. This should be a good experience for you as well.
I don't need much time. If only they would Aikatsu with me, I'm sure I could unite us.
I don't need much time. If they would only Aikatsu with me, I'm sure I could unite us.
I don't need silly pieces of paper.
I don't personally have enough skill to design.
I don't personally have the skills to design.
I don't plan on crying anymore!
I don't plan on participating in the next S4 Selection.
I don't really get it.
I don't really get it, but whatever.
I... don't really understand.
I don't recall ever forming a unit with you.
I don't recall saying a single lie to you.
I don't regret becoming an idol and finding new excitement every day even one bit!
I don't remember a single thing.
I don't remember saying a single word of that!
I don't see any beauties, much less anyone else in here.
I don't see any beauties, or anyone at all for that matter.
I don't see them around here.
I don't think I can win by training the same way as her.
I don't think I'll ever forget this wonderful night.
I don't think standing out and individuality are quite the same thing.
I don't think standing out and uniqueness are quite the same thing.
I don't think there are any hard and fast rules to designing a coord.
I don't think there are any hard-and-fast rules to designing a coord.
I don't think this is something you're supposed to figure out with your head.
I don't think this water will last us.
I don't think we have time to find an expert on world fashion.
I don't think we'll ever be able to do that...
I don't think we really have to care about that.
I don't think what Mahiru-chan really wants to do is show up her sister.
I don't understand a girl's heart, and I probably never will.
I don't wanna be apart from Lilienne!
I don't wanna hear that from someone who didn't hammer a single time!
I don't want to!
I don't want to.
I don't want to burden those girls any further.
I don't want to give up!
I don't want to have any more regrets!
I don't want to hear that from you.
I don't want to lose!
I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose anything I'm serious about, and I can work hard because I don't want to lose.
I don't want to lose either!
I don't want to lose to my weaker self.
I don't want to lose to Onee-chan!
I don't want to lose to Yume, Laura, or Ako either.
I don't want to regret anything!
I doubt she'll be able to jump.
I doubt you'll find anyone in the S4 history books who wanted to be like someone else.
I do understand, at least.
I'd personally like to stay behind here at school, but because we don't know when he'll be back, my mom and I decided to go along with him.
I dressed up however I wanted, and sang and danced to my own rhythm.
I drew sheep flying around in the night sky.
I dropped my glasses and can't see very well...
I'd say it's about time.
I'd started relying on that strange power.
I'd think so.
I, Elza Forte...
I ended up being out really late.
I ended up losing to those feelings.
I ended up with the idea of doing grassroots Aikatsu.
I end up thinking that it could been more amazing, more impressive.
I even did Aikatsu around the world!
I even got to taste authentic curry from India along the way.
I even heard rock music!
I even spot cafes and shops!
I exist to bloom brilliantly as a rose, to fly gracefully as a swan!
I expect a fair and proper fight upholding the principles of good sportsmanship.
I expected it to be in a tree, but a palm tree?
I expected no less.
I expected no less from the talent I discovered.
I expected no less, Yuzu.
I expected you to say that!
I expected you to say that, and as such have prepared something special.
I expect them to invigorate one another.
I expect there to be a stand-in.
I expect you all to be on it!
I expect you have a plan.
I exploited your dreams for my own benefit.
I fail to see why I should hinder you now.
If anyone's gonna get all of the candy, Laura's the best choice of all.
If being next to Subaru is enough to disrupt your acting, maybe you're not cut out to be an actress.
I feared that I would once again be left alone.
I fear for the future...
I feel alive again!
I feel as though it has been quite some time since last we competed on the same stage.
I feel as though it has been quite the time since last we competed on the same stage.
I feel as though I understand.
I feel as though I understand now, somehow.
I feel as though you're forcing yourself somehow.
I feel insecure.
I feel like having a firm grasp of your identity is the first step to individuality.
I feel like I can do even better Aikatsu with you by my side, Yume-chan.
I feel like I can fly!
I feel like I can learn anything!
I feel like I can't accomplish that without some kind of change.
I feel like I'd been forgetting to smile.
I feel like I'll shine brighter than ever with it!
I feel like I'm forgetting something...
I feel like I might start to cry.
I feel like I should be thanking you.
I feel like it's been a long time since we last spoke.
I feel like I've finally found my own path.
I feel like I was able to make a stage dress suited for nobody but myself.
I feel like I was able to make a Stage Dress that's truly my very own.
I feel like my skills aren't up to par, and I don't have any confidence either.
I feel like something's missing.
I feel refreshed.
I feel relieved!
I feel something will happen this year.
I feel so relieved!
I feel surprisingly refreshed.
I feel the same.
I feel the same as you.
I feel the same way!
I feel the same way.
I feel validated for my lonesome, relentless pursuit of my dream.
I feel very, very blessed to have such wonderful friends supporting me and fans voting for me.
I felt as though I could spread my wings and fly beyond the horizon.
I felt it when we competed on stage.
I felt pushed to rely more on my power.
I felt so insecure whenever I was alone.
I felt the same way as you for the longest time.
I felt the same way for the longest time.
I felt the same way... until today.
If everyone's this nervous, they won't be able to smile naturally.
If gemstones are like us idols, then rings and crowns are dresses.
If I back down now, it would not set a proper example for you.
If I calm down and think, I should be able to find a way.
If I can be perfect, just like Mother, I'm sure she'll come and hug me!
If I can do that, results will follow.
If I can do that, then results will follow.
If I cannot even say such a simple line, I don't deserve to be in S4.
If I can't be the star, then baa!
If I can't even be ready for tomorrow's test...
If I can't, he'll definitely insult me again.
If I can't, he'll definitely mock me again.
If I can't pass...
If I can't, then the Final Tournament...
If I come in first, I'll be able to form a unit with Yozora-senpai!
If I do, all of my efforts up until now will go to waste.
If I do, all the work I've done so far will go to waste.
If I don't...
If I don't do something...
If I don't find an S soon, then the tickles...
If I enter the Fes as I am now...
If I ever get the chance to compete with Hime-senpai again...
If I fail again...
If I get first, I'll be able to form a unit with Yozora-senpai!
I figured!
I figured...
I figured Elza-sama would be mad if she found out I was gaming before the tests, so I hid here.
I figured Hime-senpai would be Song Class's center.
I figured Hime-senpai would be the center of her Song Class.
I figured I could write letters to them.
- I figured I really needed to make myself known to all the people who don't know me.
- I figured I should make sure to introduce myself to people who don't know me.
I figured I should say a few things about myself for all the people who don't know me.
I figured it out after all my Aikatsu.
I figured it out, but aren't you a die-die-diehard fan of Subaru?
I figured I would clear my mind and listen right here.
I figured I would show off my karate.
I figured that I might be able to absorb some S4 power if I came here.
I figured that the other idols from Four Star might be just as interesting!
I figured the other idols from Four Star might be just as interesting!
I figured they would match today's coord better than the ones provided.
I figured this would do.
I figured we could watch it together.
I figured writing letters might work.
- If I had chosen to attend Tsubasa-senpai's show, I would likely have Grade-up Glitter.
If I hadn't met you, I'd probably still be floating through life with Carol-tan.
If I had only reacted more quickly!
If I had to indicate one thing that causes me anxiety, it would be time.
If I had to pick one...
If I had to say...
If I keep at it, little by little, I can say goodbye to my weaker self.
If I lose here...
If I may, what's that?
If I may, what was this show you mentioned, Hime-san?
If I might ask...
- If I'm to become the world's first star, my Aikatsu will have to pass the coming tests.
I finally found the answer I was looking for.
I finally got to perform with Yume-chan, and I'm more confident in myself now.
I finally said it.
I finally understand what you meant, Laura.
I finally understand what Yozora-senpai was talking about.
I finally understand why Elza wanted to take this audition.
I find it difficult to imagine her ever being worthy of S4.
I find it difficult to imagine her ever reaching S4 level.
If I perform in the Fes as I am...
If I recall correctly...
If I remember right...
If I remember right, the one who actually stole Theater Class's appeal time was...
If I remember right, the one who took over Theater Class's appeal time was...
I first learned of it thanks to our unit activities as S4.
If it does, that kind of worries me.
If it has no holes, then it's impossible to thread.
If it lacks holes, one must only open them!
If I try my hardest, will Elza-sama look at me?
If it's about meeting others, then maybe inside of this...
If it's candy you want...
If it's Katsura-senpai and Saya-senpai!
If it's not, then what do I have left?
If it's not, what do I have left?
If it was me...
If it was worrying you that much, then why didn't you talk to us yesterday?
If it was worrying you that much, why didn't you tell us about it yesterday?
If it were me, I'd want a traveling segment where I'd get to eat yummy sweets from around the world.
If it were me up there, I'd have won by a landslide.
If it would benefit the Shiratori family, we will gladly cooperate with you.
If I wanted to delight myself...
If I were a candy, I would cover you with my sweet embrace.
If I were a mountain, it would be Mount Fuji!
If I were to use it...
If I won...
If Kirara can't be the star, she's out!
If Laura-chan got first on the aptitude test, then it only makes sense to ask second place.
If looking at my dresses can bring a smile to your face, then I can think of nothing that makes me happier.
If need be.
If nobody can see it, then who's to say whether it's even beautiful or not?
If nobody can see it, who's to say whether it's beautiful in the first place?
If nobody's there, I just need to bring them!
If not, then what else do I have?
If only I could return to those days!
If only I had known, I would have stayed a mermaid!
I forgot!
I forgot...
I forgot something important!
I forgot that I had an extra interview scheduled today.
I forgot where I hid it!
I for one am super excited for the new Lilienne!
I found a lost ostrich, so I helped it back here.
I found it.
I found it rather intriguing, so I even picked up a screenplay to read myself.
I found it so fast I'm not sure they'll have enough usable footage!
I found that to be the epitome of beauty.
I found that to be the very epitome of beauty.
I found the perfect successor to My Little Heart.
If Sakuraba can't make it back in time.
- If Sakuraba Laura is unable to climb over hers...
- If Sakuraba Laura is unable to overcome her's...
If Sakuraba Laura is unable to overcome hers...
If she can overcome the strange power during her concert, then Nijino Yume will no longer have to fear losing her ability to sing.
If she is able to overcome the strange power during her concert, Nijino Yume must no longer fear losing the ability to sing.
If she makes it back in time, you'll let her go on, right?
If she saw how indecisive you've been acting, If you don't, then I'll just have to eat your share!
If she saw how weak-willed you've been, do you think Koharu would be happy?
If she's going home, then maybe I should too.
- If so, I couldn't disagree more.
If that happened, then I...
If that's how you're gonna be, Hime-senpai is the undisputed number one!
If that's how you're gonna be, then Hime-senpai is the undisputed number one!
If that's what you want, I'll support you to the best of my ability.
- If that weren't enough, she's a rock at the top of the Aikatsu Ranking.
If that weren't enough, she's immovable from the top of the Aikatsu Ranking.
- If that weren't enough, she's the immovable number one of the Aikatsu Ranking.
- If the academy's full up, then you just need to look for a spot outside.
- If the academy's full up, try looking outside.
If the academy's full up, you should try looking outside.
If the countless strings and hammers aren't each working at one hundred percent, a proper melody can't be played.
If the countless strings and pegs aren't each working at one hundred percent, I-I never knew.
If the Dance Class girls still can't find her in the venue, she might've gone outside.
If the Dance Class girls still can't find her in the venue, then she might've gone outside.
If the muse twists things, wouldn't that throw the brand off its image?
If there aren't any opportunities, you just need to make one yourself!
If there's anything I can do for you.
- If there's too much sun, it'd get too hot.
If the Sun and Moon join forces, they'll be unstoppable. Form a unit with me.
If they both continue to exert a positive influence...
If they continue to exert a positive influence...
If they don't do good enough, they'll get a special baa!
If they're looking for individuality, then everybody will be pushing hard how unique they are.
If this is the real thing, we'd never find it by looking elsewhere.
If this was the real one, we'd never find it by looking elsewhere.
I fully agree. Let's stick with the basics.
i f u s a w a s h i i k i m i n o n a m a e I t s a m i r a c l e w e c a n b e a r w i t n e s s t
If we all look together, we're sure to succeed.
If we can't record it...
If we can't record it, then how about we do it live on stage?
If we can't show a recording...
If we can't show a recording, how about we do it live on stage?
If we'd never met, I wouldn't have learned how much fun different Aikatsu could be.
If we'd never met, I wouldn't have learned how much fun that different Aikatsu can be.
If we'd noticed, we would've helped her however we could.
If we'd noticed, we would've helped her in any way we could.
If we had simply begun with a direct battle, there would have been no need to argue with a lady.
If we'll be in charge of producing it...
- If we look at Mahiru's individuality...
If we look at that which is unique to Mahiru...
If we only had boxed lunches it would be a problem, but today it's homemade.
If we're committed to doing it, then we should do a thorough literature review.
If we're in charge of producing it...
If we took the stage together, I would only obscure Yuzu's allure.
If you ask most idols why they Aikatsu, many will say that they wish to shine for themselves or their fans.
If you ask most idols why they Aikatsu, most will say that they wish to shine for themselves or their fans.
If you ask most idols why they Aikatsu, you'll likely hear that they wish to shine for themselves or their fans.
If you break up, then...
If you buy a ticket now, I'll throw in the second for free!
If you call yourself an octopus, then I am Captain Elza, bane of demons of the deep!
If you can find it, completing your dress will come easily.
If you can master the Elza Killer Step I'm about to show you, you've got this in the bag!
If you cannot raise the audience's satisfaction meter above ninety percent, I will have you expelled from this school.
If you can satisfy that one fan before your eyes, then they'll become ten, and then a hundred, and one day even over a thousand.
If you can satisfy the one fan before you, next it'll be ten, and then a hundred, and one day even over a thousand.
If you can sound that resentful then you must be fine.
If you can't run, all I need to do is carry you!
If you can't run, I just need to carry you!
If you come in first here, you'll definitely be able to get into the Final Tournament!
If you correct your balance, your poses will be all the cleaner.
If you'd be all right with it...
If you did, I wouldn't be able to do whatever I please!
If you didn't, you'd never have made it into the Flower Song Class in a million years.
- If you didn't, you'd never in a million years have made it into the Flower Song Class.
- If you didn't, you'd never make it into the Flower Song Class in a million years.
If you'd like, could I put one on you?
If you'd like, I can give you a tour around campus.
If you'd like, please accept this.
If you'd like, would you want to make a guest appearance on the show?
If you don't give all your attention to Kirara...
If you don't give me candy, I'll play a trick on you No, look over there!
If you don't give us candy, I'll cast a nasty spell on you!
If you don't have any complaints, then I'll put in a request with the staff. What do you say?
If you don't, I'll eat your share!
If you don't mind, would you like to be my one-day manager tomorrow?
If you don't pass, you'll be locked in the unimaginably horrifying forbidden room until your grades improve!
If you don't scram, I'll call security on you.
If you'd told me this was how Song Class's battle would've turned out a year ago, I wouldn't have believed you.
If you fall into the water, you're out!
If you get first here, you'll definitely make it into the Final Tournament!
If you got it then scurry off.
If you had been in Japan, all five of use would've done it.
If you had been in Japan, it would've been all five of us.
- If you have no friends, then nobody will give you candy when your stomach rumbles!
If you have no opportunities, just make one yourself!
If you haven't made it by then, then too baa for you.
If you join us...
If you just protect them, you'll never make anything new!
If you keep making that face, all your chances will run away.
If you keep making that face, you'll let this chance slip away.
If you keep up that facade and try to deceive yourself, it'll only encourage your demons.
If you knew, why didn't you tell us?
If you know anything that might be able to help...
If you know your enemy, you need not fear the result of a battle.
If you let a Venus Ark idol get her hands on it, even if Elza Forte allows it, I certainly will not forgive you.
If you like Subaru so much, why are you hiding?
If you'll excuse me.
If you look closely, it isn't candy at all.
If you make proper use of your remaining time, S4 will be no mere dream.
If you make proper use of your remaining time, then S4 will be no mere dream.
If you miss it, I won't forgive you!
If you only eat the food you like, you'll end up nutritionally unbalanced.
If you plan to study at Venus Ark, do not forget that.
If you plan to study at Venus Ark, never forget that.
If you're all right with it, can I put one on you?
If you're considering leaving Venus Ark, please be honest and raise your hand.
If you're curious...
If you're interested, we'll be waiting for you at the auditions!
If you're looking for Aria-chan, she's likely out on the terrace.
If you're not going to try, then just walk out.
If you're set on doing it, I'll put in a request with the staff.
If you're so confident, then it must be true.
If you're this confident, it must be true.
If you're unable to raise the audience's satisfaction meter above ninety percent, then I will have you expelled from this school.
If your name's not Yume-chan or Laura-chan, you lose!
If your only wish is to be happy all you need to do is eat one of these!
- If you run into hardship somewhere along your path, it is those times especially you must believe in yourself.
If you say so, then it must be!
If you say so, then it must be true.
If you search for it you can't find it.
If you should ever stumble and lose your way as an idol, then please seek out S4.
If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself
If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart
If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite
If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa Close your eyes and listen
If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa If you should find yourself
If you show her how much you love her, I'm sure she'll understand.
If you show her how much you love her, then I'm sure she'll understand.
If you sincerely wish for my best, follow your destiny.
If you slip up the landing, think of what'll happen to your idol activities!
If you talk about yourself like that, I'd feel sorry for the Aria-chan who worked so hard until now!
If you talk like that, I'd feel sorry for the Aria-chan who worked so hard until now!
If you tell the managers you're from Four Star Academy, they should lend you their help.
If you think so, just try and steal the goddess's favor from me.
If you think so, then maybe we are.
If you think they need it, Rei, then you speak with them.
If you throw things off, wouldn't that affect the brand itself?
If you told me this is how Song Class's battle would turn out a year ago, I wouldn't have believed you.
If you told Yume that, she'd probably break down in tears of joy.
If you took away her energy, what would be left?
If you took her energy away, what would be left?
If you truly love her, then you need to let her know.
If you truly love her, you need to let her know.
If you truly want her to see you, do everything you can to make her turn your way!
If you've got any ideas, I wanna hear them!
If you've got any idea, then I wanna hear them!
If you wanna find out, search for it yourselves: The Game!
If you wanna get all the candy, you've gotta go with Laura.
If you wanna make people around the world smile, then you've gotta learn about the whole world first.
If you wanna make people around the world smile, you've gotta learn about the whole world first.
If you want healthy skin, vegetables are...
If you want me that much, I suppose I will.
If you want to do Aikatsu, look elsewhere.
If you want to fight off the summer heat all you need to do is eat one of these!
If you want to get your hands on it...
If you want to hold back, then just walk out.
If you want to see that badly...
If you want to succeed a brand, naturally you'll need a good fashion sense.
If you want to succeed a brand, then you'll of course need a good fashion sense.
If you waste your time giggling and gossiping, you'll be passed in no time.
If you were in her shoes, would you be able to stand firm against everything?
If you were in her shoes, would you be able to stand firm and face that?
If you wish to be top class, I suggest you come to Venus Ark...
If you wish to be top-class, I suggest you come to Venus Ark...
If you won't come...
If you would!
If you would.
If you would...
If you would like, we invite you to partake in Venus Ark's Halloween as an educational opportunity.
If you wouldn't mind, could you please tell me more about your own Aikatsu, Laura-san?
If Yume-chan were to fail to complete her performance...
If Yuzu had not brought me this book, I would not be here today.
- Igarashi Nozomu - Kasumi Asahi Why do you think we were invited too?
I gathered a large number of idols for the sole purpose of obtaining the Sun Dress.
I gathered all the files you need to take over as admins.
I gathered all these idols for the sole purpose of obtaining the Sun Dress.
I gathered the files you'll need for your new admin positions.
I gave it my full effort, and everyone liked us too.
I gave up on my own radiance after being blinded by Elza's.
I gave you my vote!
I gave you the theme of individuality, and my selection is based on that.
I get...
I get it!
I get it.
I get it already!
I get it, already!
I get it already, so would you please let go of me?
I get it, but it's still way too early!
I get it! It's gonna refresh us by making us sweat!
I get it now.
I get it now! I feel so much better.
I get it. Now I'm actually excited.
I get it. The piano Koharu-chan heard must've been Hime-senpai too!
I get it! This must be to rejuvenate us from all the sweating.
I get it. When we show it before the actual performance, the audience will feel like they're getting a glimpse into what goes on backstage.
I get my CD debut?
I get scary when someone messes with my food!
I get that.
I get that a lot!
I get the concept...
I get the feeling I'll end up losing everything!
I get the feeling I've seen this before.
I get the feeling I won't see her all day.
I get the feeling I won't see her all day long.
I get the feeling that sounds familiar somehow...
I get the feeling that starting with a firm idea of your identity is the first step to individuality.
I get to be with my beloved Subaru-kyun, meow!
I get to be with my dear Subaru-kyun meow!
I get you.
I get you! I want to take off with my own wings too one day!
I get your situation. So what now?
I gonna give it my all!
I got a bit deep in thought...
I got a little stubborn.
I got a lot of friend chocolate!
I gotcha.
I got dizzy...
- I got dropped off at the harbor and came straight here!
I got dropped off at the harbor and ran straight here!
I got Glitter!
I got here three hours early!
I got it!
I got one...
I got our tickets.
- I got overconfident in my abilities...
I got permission for you to observe.
I got permission to hand these out wherever we go doing admin work.
I got some too!
I got Star Wings!
I gotta find my own answer!
I got the feeling you'd be wanting to hear my voice pretty soon.
I got the urge to have your rose tea and rose chiffon cake again.
I got this accessory to match Yume-chan!
I got this amazing CD debut opportunity, but if I don't get better...
I got this from Ako-chan too!
I got this mysterious feeling when I was up on stage today.
I got through the prelims of a big event today!
I got to appear on Hime-senpai's show along with Aria-chan.
I got to be in the Music Show, and I made a new rival. Today was an amazing day!
I got to be Yozora-senpai's assistant for the day.
I got to have a super fun time dancing today.
I got to help her with the fitting today.
I got told.
I got too hyped after seeing that I passed.
I got too hyped up after reading I passed.
I got us back on track.
I greatly enjoyed your Koharuderella as well.
I grew to love singing.
I guarantee it.
I guarantee you'll be fine.
- Iguchi Miyu & Murasaki Kahoko - Iguchi Miyu & Murasaki Kahoko Aoyama Naho & Naruse Ayumi Aoyama Naho & Naruse Ayumi Sonozaki Setsuko & Jin'i Michiru Sonozaki Setsuko & Jin'i Michiru Saitou Himeka & Oumi Uru Saitou Himeka & Oumi Uru Hanazono Kirara & Saotome Ako Hanazono Kirara & Saotome Ako
I guess!
I guess...
I guess even your Tick Tick Ding Dongs are right sometimes.
I guess he can do anything.
I guess I just fell asleep.
I guess I just passed out.
I guess I'll take the mint then.
I guess I'm in a slump.
I guess I'm just trying to say to be yourself.
I guess I'm just trying to tell you to be yourself.
I guess it goes to show you never know when the things you learn will come in handy.
I guess it is tougher.
I guess it's because you wouldn't normally be able to see backstage, so it piques your curiosity.
I guess it's fine.
I guess it was unreasonably big.
- I guess not...
I guess she didn't take it seriously.
I guess she really is fine.
I guess sisters come with their own baggage.
I guess so.
I guess that makes us rivals.
I guess that one was way too big.
I guess this is the power of a Premium Rare Dress.
I guess we really are sisters.
I guess we weren't the only ones who had a run-in.
I guess we weren't the only ones who had a run-in with it.
I guess we were really lucky to run into adventure pros like you.
I guess we were really lucky to run into pro adventurers like you.
I guess you're right. Well, my stop's here.
I guess your Tick Tick Ding Dongs are right sometimes.
I had absolutely no idea.
I had a fairly entertaining time.
I had a feeling since they all share the same family name.
I had a feeling since they had the same family name.
I had a little too much to think about...
I had a lot of fun today!
I had a lot of fun too!
I had always admired Venus Ark.
I had a wonderful Christmas because of you all. Thank you!
- I had been leaning on many people without being aware.
I had been running from the storm.
I had forgotten to tell you my feelings.
I had fun! It was so very fun!
I had him subtly ask them what they wanted.
I had hoped to avoid getting any worse by having that spicy curry.
I had hoped to stave it off by having that spicy curry.
I had hoped we'd be able to share the same dream.
I had no idea.
I had no idea! I guess not everyone's how they seem.
I had no idea! I guess you shouldn't judge by her looks.
I had no idea it was possible to shine in that way.
I hadn't seen Hoo-chan since then.
I had really wanted to tell you sooner.
I had so many wonderful encounters on that tropical island that I still can't contain my excitement!
I had so much fun.
I had so much fun up there.
I had the heat on too high and burned the eggs.
I had thought it was Hime Shiratori alone, But, why?
I had thought I was well and familiar with Japan after practicing kendo and eating Japanese food in New York.
I had thought you might be sad and alone deep in the forest.
I had wanted to wait until I was confident enough.
I had you all wrong, Koharu.
I happened to come across a magazine that had an interview with him.
I happen to love it.
I hate feeling scared!
I hate losing, just like you.
I hate losing too, just like you.
I hate mornings. They make me feel lightheaded.
- I hate to admit it, but you were fantastic out there.
I hate to bother you, but could we ask for a moment of your time?
I hate to interrupt such a thoughtful moment, but I hope you haven't forgotten that the S4 Selection is right around the corner.
I hate to say it, but she's perfect.
I have a azuki.
I have a bit of a request.
I have a bit of unfortunate information for you all.
I have a dream. And until I achieve it...
I have a favor to ask.
I have a favor to ask you both.
I have a filming that day.
I have a keen interest in her passion for design.
I have already been granted more dreams than I deserve.
I have always admired Venus Ark.
I have always endeavored not to aspire for more than I require.
I have an announcement I would like to make.
I have an idea regarding that.
I have a parfait!
I have a plan.
I have a plethora of other jobs lined up as well.
- I have a properly thought-out plan for my life.
I have a proposal.
I have a question.
I have a question for you, M4.
I have a request!
I have a request.
I have a request for you.
I have a responsibility to protect them.
I have arrived to express my wish for your permission to participate in that audition.
I have arrived to participate in the lesson.
I have a sensitive tongue.
I have a singing program to record for.
I have aspirations of being like Hime-senpai.
I have been absolutely stunned by the glow of their rainbow!
I have been appointed as the one-day station master for our program.
I have been creating dresses by myself from early childhood.
I have been informed of your circumstances.
I have brought over today's letters.
I have brought today's letters.
I have but one wish.
I have called a fantastic dance master here just for you.
I have called you here to make an important announcement.
I have come this far in pursuit of that dream!
I have come this far in search of that dream!
I have come to be judged.
I have come to express my desire to attend.
I have come to observe Yuzu Nikaidou's Premium Rare Dress.
I have come to pick up Yuzu.
I have come to pick Yuzu up.
I have come to request permission to participate in the audition.
I have decided to participate in a certain event.
I have faith that you'll be fine.
I have fans who support me.
I have friends who support me, a rival to fight alongside me, and a senpai who always lights my path.
I have heaps of other jobs lined up as well.
I have heard of this phenomenon before.
I have high expectations.
I have high hopes for you, Koharu.
I have high hopes for your fashion sense.
I have Hime-chan and Yume-chan, and all you wonderful senpai.
I have Hime-chan and Yume-chan, and now even more wonderful senpai.
I have inherited S4 from Kasumi Yozora.
I have invited more wonderful guests to entertain you this year.
I have it.
I have! I was in the volleyball club back in elementary school.
I have lots more!
I have lots of fun doing Aikatsu with the Four Star girls too!
I have my friends!
- I have my life all planned out.
I have my own personal goal to fulfill.
I have my senpai, my rival, and my friends.
I have never encountered a person with such a goal in my life.
I have never heard such a goal before in my life.
I have never heard this before. What is it?
I have no chance of beating Elza-san.
I have no choice but to leave.
I have no desire to hear that from you.
I have no idea what's going on anymore.
I have no idea what to do.
I have no interest in children without a brand to their name.
I have no interest in those without even a brand to their name.
I have no issues with your acting.
I have no objections.
I have no plans of handing over Song Class's seat either!
I have no plans of handing over the title for Song Class either!
I have no plans to depart Japan for the time being.
I have no regrets... is what I'd like to say.
I have no right to interfere with the Aikatsu of Dance Class.
I have nothing left to give.
I have nothing to hide. In fact, it would be best for them to see everything.
I have nothing to report for the time being.
I have no time to wallow in self-pity, as my induction into S4 is fast approaching.
I have not the slightest intention of cooperating with the likes of you!
I haven't.
I haven't a clue!
I haven't been able to do anything for her in return.
I haven't been able to get over how delicious Subaru-kyun looked the other day...
I haven't been over in a while.
I haven't done anything yet, so wherever's fine.
I haven't even done anything, so wherever's fine.
I haven't even trained for it.
I haven't even trained for it at all.
I haven't felt like that about a performance in a long time.
I haven't got a clue what you're on about.
I haven't gotten down the trick to cooking them yet.
I haven't gotten the hang of cooking these yet.
I haven't had off time in so long.
I haven't heard a word about this!
I haven't known her long, but she's truly a perfect lady.
I haven't known you forever for nothing.
I haven't really...
I haven't really talked to Tsubasa-senpai since the class sorting, but I think today made me like her even more!
I haven't really thought about it before.
I haven't recalled it in quite a while.
I haven't seen Mahiru around much these days.
I haven't spoken to her at all this whole time.
I haven't spoken to her since.
I haven't vented this much in a long time.
I haven't visited your home in a whil. e Wait, I thought you said you weren't coming?
I haven't walked barefoot in so long.
I have Onee-chan, Nii-san, and my friends.
I have one final question for you. Shiratori Hime-san, what is your goal going forward?
I have one last question for you.
I have one last request for you.
I have only one thing to say.
- I have only the sincerest words of gratitude to have Yume as my rival.
I have orange and mint flavors, as well as a lozenge.
I have partners who will pull me forward by the hand, and people who have continued to support me.
I have partners who will pull me forward, - I'm way too excited for Yume-chan and Yuzu-chan and Ako-chan's unit!! Good luck! Doki doki... I'm getting so nervous My whole family is on standby in front of our TV! Good luck! I can't even imagine how this stage will be - I'm way too excited for Yume-chan and Yuzu-chan and Ako-chan's unit!! Good luck! Doki doki... I'm getting so nervous My whole family is on standby in front of our TV! Good luck! I can't even imagine how this stage will be - I'm way too excited for Yume-chan and
I have prepared a variety of personalized soups for you.
I have prepared a variety of soups specified for each of you.
I have problems with four-character idioms.
I have received word that both of you are counted as having finished.
I have... responsibilities...
I have some independent training to do for Beauty Class.
I have some self-training to do in Beauty Class.
I have something for you.
I have something to discuss.
I have the same genes as Mother...
I have this.
- I have to apologize too for not being able to draw a large audience.
- I have to apologize too for not being able to get a large audience.
I have to find what I can do too.
I have to go!
I have to go.
I have to go with Tsubasa-senpai!
I have to keep the show going. What now?
I have to make it somehow before the time limit!
I have to record for a singing show.
I have to rest for a week, and can't do Aikatsu with everyone else.
I have to take a design test in addition to this, so I'll be off reviewing for it.
I have to thank them for their support, and also write about my aspirations...
I have to work even harder to catch up to her.
I have to work hard.
I have wished to create a dress under my brand with everlasting sheen.
- I heading over to the travel bureau to do some promo work for the event. Want to come?
- I heading over to the travel bureau to do some PR work for the event. Wanna come along?
I heard about it from Onee-chan.
I heard about this from a certain model.
I heard about your past.
I heard about your performance in Japan this Saturday.
- I heard about your shoot for a fashion magazine too, Koharu.
I heard a story about a certain model.
I heard her dress for the show in two days will be even more exquisite.
I heard it's S4!
I heard Laura hasn't made it back yet.
I heard she's coming to Venus Ark.
I heard she's giving out taiyaki.
I heard some girls say they're going to train, and others who are going to their rooms.
I heard some girls say they were going to train, and some others are going back to their rooms.
I heard that Laura hasn't made it back yet.
- I heard that she went through some trying times, but as a result attained the will to believe in her path.
I heard that she went through some trying times, but as a result, she attained a belief in her own way.
- I heard that she went through some trying times, but as a result, she attained a belief in herself.
I heard that Spice Chord had more of a cool image, though.
I heard that the self-promotion we're doing after this has the most weight.
I heard that your dream was to become a pianist.
I heard that you were looking for individualistic idols, - and that just so happens to be exactly what all my friends tell me I am!
I heard the news. It's sad to see you go after we all became friends.
I heard the voice of Lily-chan's heart!
I heard they're pretty hard to find.
I heard they're pretty hard to get.
I heard they sent in tons of requests for her to make an appearance.
I heard through the grapevine that you'll be holding a performance upon your arrival to Japan this Saturday.
I heard what you did. Are you sure about the show?
I heard what you did. Are you sure this is what you want?
I heard you made it into S4.
I heard your dream was to become a pianist.
I heard you took care of my girls yesterday.
I heard you were looking for idols who are individualistic, and that just so happens to be exactly what all my friends say about me!
I heard Yume-senpai was too!
I hear it... in that direction!
I hear Laura hasn't made it back yet.
I heedlessly poured funds into Aikatsu Island and such.
I hereby open the Star Captor Festival!
I highly anticipate the S4 Selection.
I hit a wall with my dress design.
I hold in my hands the Sun Dress I could once only dream of.
I hold it in my hands!
I hope Ako's not too depressed.
I hope Ako's not too down on herself.
I hoped you'd say that.
I hope everyone enjoyed listening to the contestants' passionate appeals.
I hope everyone enjoyed the contestants' passionate appeals.
I hope I can be even a fraction as good as her.
I hope I lived up to your expectations.
I hope I'm mistaken, but you're not hiding anything from me, are you?
I hope it's not for anything bad.
I hope I was able to answer your expectations.
I hope Mahiru-chan is all right.
I hope our song was a wonderful present for them.
I hope so!
I hope they come soon!
I hope they have sour konbu too.
I hope this chocolate can convey my feelings.
I hope this chocolate is able to convey my feelings.
I hope we can all make it.
I hope we can resume our bout one day.
I hope we'll all be able to make it.
I hope you can tell her that one day.
I hope you can win tomorrow.
I hope you get a big crowd.
I hope you're able to tell her that one day.
I hope your senpai will appreciate this.
I hope you were all able to enjoy your Aikatsu along with Elza.
I hope you win tomorrow.
I hope Yume-chan is all right.
I hope Yume-chan is okay.
I-I already know that without hearing it from you!
I-I am most certainly not aiming for S4 just to have the chance to act alongside Subaru-kyun.
I-I am most certainly not going for S4 to have the chance to act alongside Subaru-kyun.
I-I apologize for running late.
I-I can do that too!
I-I can't!
I-I can't move!
I-I couldn't possibly...
I-I couldn't possibly do that! Not for Hime-senpai's important unveiling!
I-I couldn't possibly think of that as a burden.
I-I didn't!
I-I didn't do anything like that.
I-I didn't intend...
I-I don't care for Hanazono Kirara in the least.
I-If I must.
I-If you don't give us candy...
I-If you insist that much on seeing my performance, I suppose I wouldn't mind accompanying you.
I-I have a favor to ask!
I-I knew that already! You didn't have to tell me!
I-I'll catch up soon.
I-I'll do it.
I-I'll do my best.
I-I'll leave right away!
I imagine too, about having followed Hime-senpai's footsteps into S4.
I-I'm confident I'll find an S.
I-I'm fine...
I-I'm... fine...
I-I'm flattered...
I-I'm not the slightest bit nervous.
I improved myself in various ways since childhood in order to be like her.
I improved myself in various ways since my childhood in order to be like her.
I-I'm really sorry!
I-I'm Saotome Ako.
I-I'm sorry!
I-I'm sorry.
I-I'm sorry...
I-I'm sorry for disturbing you!
I-I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
I-I'm so sorry!
I-I'm so sorry for interrupting your lesson.
I-In any case, I won't be losing this competition.
I-In any case, let's board it.
I-I need to get going now!
I inherited Romance Kiss from my sister.
I inherited Romance Kiss from Onee-chan.
I inherited Spice Chord from Tsubasa-senpai, and had no part in creating it myself.
I intend to train to be like Hime-senpai.
I-I see!
I-I see.
I-Is it not enough?
I-Isn't this enough, Director?
I-I suppose so.
I-It is nothing of the sort!
I-It's Caroline's snack time.
I-It's freezing.
I-It's heavy.
I-It's just, um... we just wanted to see a senpai in S4 training!
I-It's just, um... we just wanted to see how a senpai in S4 trained!
I-It's not like that, okay?
I-It's supposed to be my job to praise Koharu!
I-It's the kind of fantasy that would enrapture any girl's heart!
I-It's the kind of fantasy that would enrapture the heart of any girl!
I-It's there!
I-It's tight...
I-It wasn't a burden at all!
I-I, um...
I-I was hoping to increase the impact of Berry Parfait's brand image.
I-I will too.
I-I won't accept your charity!
I-I would be honored to!
ii yume ga miraremasu you ni May I be able to have sweet dreams tonight ii yume ga miraremasu you ni Ahh, blowing to and fro the chiffon curtains aa yureru yureru shifon kaaten Ahh, blowing to and fro the chiffon curtains aa yureru yureru shifon kaaten The night breeze whispers quietly
I just came up with an idea.
I just came up with something even better!
I just can't care to...
I just can't get used to this sort of thing.
I just can't hate that shape.
I just coincidentally read it.
I just didn't want to lose.
I just don't get math.
I just don't know if I deserve this.
I just don't want Elza-san to quit being an idol!
I just felt a shiver down my spine.
I just figured out what I want to do!
I just got a good idea! Let's do "that" as proof of our friendship!
I just got a great idea.
I just got engrossed thinking about it.
I just got the chills.
I just got the idea that seeing the fireworks together would be more fun.
I just had no opportunity to tell you.
I just happened to read it.
I just happened to today, okay?
I just haven't completed the design yet.
I just knew I had the talent!
I just know it!
I just look up to Hime-sama, and I love to sing.
I just love doing fun Aikatsu!
I just love this scene.
I just meant since we're both idols, um...
I just need to join!
I just noticed how nice that was.
I just noticed that your face seemed to be shining.
I just noticed that your face seems to be gleaming.
I just noticed you're cute as usual.
I just noticed you were cute as usual.
I just ran away without thinking.
I just remembered.
I just remembered, Koharu-chan.
I just remembered that we used to stretch like this back when we were kids too.
I just remembered, Yuzu-senpai.
I just so happened to be working around here and needed to kill some time.
I just so happened to get all this stuff right.
I just so happen to be off.
I just so happen to be off that day.
I just think that being perfect isn't the same as being the best.
I just tripped over.
I just wanted to clear the air.
I just wanted to make it through this tour... and spend the summer together...
I just wanted to thank you for looking after m...
I just want to be with you.
I just want to do what I love!
- I just want to pressure myself.
- I just want to push myself.
I just want to put some pressure on myself.
I just want to sing as best I can for the sake of everyone who came.
I, Katsura Miki, have steeled my heart!
I keep telling you I'm not an octopus!
I kinda felt like she was forcing it a little too much.
I kind of feel like we're cheating.
I, Kisaragi Tsubasa, have an announcement.
I knew after seeing Elza-chan.
I knew it.
I knew it...
I knew it! Elza-san investigated Koukadou and President Koumoto just for this audition.
I knew it! Fun is the best!
I knew it! I saw your last performance on Aikatsu TV.
I knew it! This is the real thing.
- I knew I would have to tell you ever since that day.
I knew my eyes didn't deceive me.
I knew my foresight was clear.
I knew my vision was true.
I knew she could do it.
I knew she couldn't.
I knew she'd be here!
I knew that I'd probably lose, but I always thought I had a chance!
I knew that I probably would, but I never thought I couldn't win!
I knew that voice back then was you!
I knew that was your voice back then!
I knew that Yuzu was too dazzling for me.
I knew there was fire in them.
I knew we'd find you here.
I knew you could do it, Master!
I knew you'd be here!
I knew you'd perk up.
I knew you'd say that.
I knew you had a flame in them.
I knew you were amazing, Mahiru-chan.
I knew Yuzu-senpai would do it!
I know!
I know.
I know about you too.
I know, and I don't plan on losing.
I know, but I don't have an appetite.
I know, but still.
I know. But this'll be my first time doing a Dress Make, so I can't help but be excited!
I know. But what really surprised me was how much I've learned since I started.
I know. But what really surprised me was how much I've learned since I started this.
I know! Everyone loves how she teaches girls who have trouble with fashion small tricks to enjoy being stylish.
- I know! Everyone loves how she teaches that with just a little work, anyone can get into fashion!
- I know! Everyone loves it for teaching girls who have trouble with fashion small tricks to enjoy being stylish.
I know for sure that you'll be able to make it through, Lilienne.
I know full well that I should be prioritizing them...
I know her whole thing was being unique...
I know how hard you're working, so I want to match...
I know how much you love to read, Lilienne.
I know how to pass the time.
I know! How would you like to form a unit with me?
I know how you feel. I've fought with Yume before too.
I know. I also understand that our fans may be taken aback at first.
I know I can do this as I stand today.
I know I have enough stamina for this!
I know, it means that Laura and I will be facing off to be the Song Class center.
I know it's a lot to ask, but please support Song Class and Yume as her new admins.
I know. It's to "shine with everyone", right?
I know, it's unbelievable how much she's changed!
I know it's vague, but I figured this is the best I can do right now.
I know it was Yuzu-senpai's request, but why do I have to be the one looking after her?
I know, I wish I could've reported from inside and watched.
I know just how amazing you are, so much that it hurts.
I know just the place!
I know just the thing for you!
- I know! Let's take advantage of this coincidence and have a cup of tea, okay?
I know. Now that the event's up and running, I have nothing tying me back.
I know people were talking up her uniqueness...
I know, right?
I know, she's not your typical newcomer.
I know, she's well above your typical newcomer.
I know, she's well beyond the level of a rookie.
- I know! Since we're all here and all, why don't we have a cup of tea together?
I know! Since we're here and all, why don't we have a cup of tea together?
I know that!
I know that already.
I know that better than anyone else!
I know that I have to do the same too.
I know that! I know, but...
I know that much.
I know that one.
I know! That's why I'm asking for your advice.
I know. That's why I'm thinking of entering this Fest.
- I know that they must have been sacrificing everything, including time to sleep, to make this a success.
I know that we just need to do everything we can, but...
I know that Yume will impress you just as much!
I know! This is it!
I know, this means that Laura and I will be facing off to be the Song Class center.
I know! Wait, what kind of gate is the gateway to success?
I know we can.
I know! We'll do you up in show-dancer makeup and see how it looks.
I know! We'll do you up in show dancer makeup even though this is just a rehearsal.
I know. We made it safely through the event, so I have no more regrets.
I know what it feels like to hit a roadblock because you get caught up one thing.
I know what it's like to get stuck agonizing over one little thing.
I know what you mean.
I know! Why don't I show you around Four Star next time?
I know! Why don't I teach you how to play sometime?
I know! Why don't we plan to go out somewhere the next time we're all free?
I know! Why don't we plan to go out somewhere the next vacation we get?
I know you can do it.
I know you can do it, Yume-chan.
I know you can do this.
I know you can handle this.
I know you can win!
I know you have the experience to guide her properly.
I know you just got here, but are you ready for rehearsal?
I know you like Subaru, so why are you hiding?
I know you'll be able to find me kitto watashi mitsukete ne I know you'll be able to find me kitto watashi mitsukete ne I can hear whispers of the sky-colored breeze sorairo no kaze ga sasayaku I can hear whispers of the sky-colored breeze sorairo no kaze ga sasayaku
I know you'll be the first star one day.
I know you'll make it real.
I know your sense of fashion won't let us down.
I know you've been on the street beat until now, but I assume you've heard of the Shadow Star Thieves.
I learned a lot.
I learned something when we were at Venus Ark.
I leave Four Star Academy in your hands.
I leave Nijino in your hands.
I like it!
I like it.
I like it. Even though it's a short scene, the audience should love it.
I like it, I like it, I like it!
I like that proverb.
I like the look in your eyes.
I like the sound of that! Congratulation!
I like your idea. Let's make this a reality.
I like your idea. Please go ahead with it.
I like your resolution. Very well.
I like your resolve. Very well.
I'll accept my punishment.
I'll accept that.
I'll accept whatever may be.
I'll admit that I was stunned when Elza said she was going to close Venus Ark down.
I'll Aikatsu hard with everyone and aim to become the world's brightest star!
I'll aim to be the world's first star through my Aikatsu!
I'll aim to make a million friends and Aikatsu my best!
I'll allow an exception.
- I'll always and forever be your fan, Yume-chan!
I'll ask Elza about it.
I'll ask Elza about it too.
I'll be baaack for you if you ever think about forgetting Kirara!
I'll be back later with that list.
I'll be busy giving Nijino personal lessons.
I'll be cheering for you!
I'll be cheering for you.
I'll be cheering for you from inside this box." Thank you. Your support means more to me than anything in the world.
I'll be cheering for you in my own way from inside this box." I must turn my heart to steel and part with my beloved Subaru-kyun!
- I'll be cheering you girls as your host today!
I'll be cheering you girls on as your host today!
- I'll be cheering you girls on from the host seats!
I'll become even stronger.
I'll become Santa Claus and surprise everyone with my magic sleigh!
I'll become so much better that you won't recognize me by the time I get back.
I'll become the me that I can love the most I'll become the me that I can love the most But if we make too much noise, the human will hear us.
I'll become the world's brightest star.
I'll become who I want to be!
I'll become your ray of light at the Final Tournament!
I'll be competing with Laura, Hime-senpai, and the others for a spot in S4.
I'll be competing with Laura, Hime-senpai, and the others over a spot in S4.
I'll be concluding the night with a performance for our guests shortly.
I'll be counting on those words.
I'll be counting on you!
I'll be counting on you.
I'll be counting on you all today.
I'll be counting on you today!
I'll be excusing myself.
I'll be fine! You can't just refuse a job.
I'll be getting my own brand dress soon enough.
I'll begin by explaining the audition's structure.
I'll begin with a full explanation.
I'll be giving Nijino personal lessons.
I'll be her fan!
I'll be holding my first solo live soon...
I'll be in the lesson room.
I'll be in your care!
I'll be in your care.
I'll be judging alongside the staff of Romance Kiss.
I'll be learning from your example.
I'll believe in myself...
I'll believe in myself and keep going my way!
I'll believe in myself too!
I'll believe in the Spice Chord that's always supported me.
I'll believe in those words.
I'll be looking forward to it.
I'll be looking forward to meeting you in person, Lunch-san.
I'll be looking forward to next time.
I'll be looking forward to your next one.
I'll be looking out for it.
I'll be off now.
I'll be okay. They won't let me down.
I'll be on my way now.
I'll be on the panel of judges, along with the staff of Romance Kiss.
I'll be putting everything I have on the table, so come at me with all you've got.
I'll be relying on you today.
I'll be relying on you when its me atop that stage.
I'll be right back!
I'll be right there.
I'll be rooting for you!
I'll be shooting from the front row.
I'll be standing alongside you on stage in dresses I designed.
I'll be Studio A. Are you in B-stud?
I'll be Studio A. Are you in Stud-B?
I'll be sure to expect a good show from you tomorrow.
I'll be taking back my Giant's Jewel!
I'll be taking back that Giant's Stone!
I'll be taking the candy now.
I'll be the first to find one!
I'll be the first to win!
I'll be the master of both song and dance, the Ultra S4!
I'll be there within half an hour, so get the even started for now.
I'll be there within half an hour, so get the event started for now.
I'll be using my winter Premium Rare Dress, the Melty Whip Coord.
I'll be using my winter Premium Rare Dress, the Melty Whipped Cream Coord.
I'll be using this chance to rest.
I'll be very stern with Taiyou.
I'll be waiting!
I'll be waiting at the Star Summit.
I'll be waiting for you to come back.
I'll be waiting on a future stage.
I'll be waiting, Yume.
I'll be watching very closely to see how your Aikatsu has developed.
I'll be wishing you luck.
I'll be your class's homeroom teacher.
I'll be your fan forever, Yume-chan!
I'll bite you if you don't give me candy!
I'll brew us some tea.
I'll bring Hime-senpai with me next time.
I'll bring Hyuuri home this weekend.
I'll bring the excitement with my first performance of the year!
I'll bundle up all the nervousness and pressure, excitement and anticipation, and just dance with fun!
I'll cancel your entry.
I'll carry the equipment over.
I'll cheer you on!
I'll come at you with all I've got, Laura.
I'll come back later!
I'll come too!
- I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise.
I'll confirm and be right back.
I'll consider it.
I'll continue loving Aikatsu from the bottom of my heart, and become the world's brightest star one day!
I'll continue loving Aikatsu from the bottom of my heart, and one day become the world's brightest star!
I'll cut it down to just the chorus, and for my dress and makeup...
I'll defeat you, Onee-chan!
﻿I'll definitely be the first-star idol!
I'll definitely be the first-star idol!
I'll definitely, definitely get a Star Premium Rare Coord too!
I'll definitely make it back in time for my performance with Hime-senpai!
I'll definitely make it into S4 so as not to shame my ancestors!
I'll definitely make it up there with you!
I'll definitely make the best dress ever!
I'll do a full scan of my mental database.
I'll do Aikatsu that's all my own!
I'll do anything I can for her.
I'll do anything you want me to, Elza-sama!
I'll do everything I can.
I'll do everything that I need to.
I'll do everything you tell me to!
I'll do it!
I'll do it.
I'll do it over as many times it takes to make a respectable product.
I'll do it! Please let me be your one-day manager!
I'll do my best!
I'll do my best as Hime-senpai's one-day manager!
I'll do my best to give you your first laugh of the new year!
I'll do one more!
I'll do the best Aikatsu I can!
I'll eat! I'll eat lots of steak and make my way back up!
I'll eat them, Mommy Mahiru.
I'll end up winning regardless.
I'll end up with all this candy, roar.
I'll excuse myself!
I'll explain the circumstances to...
I'll express my gratitude in this dress made for me.
I'll express my gratitude through this dress that's mine alone.
I'll find a way to defeat Hanazono Kirara here at Four Star Academy!
I'll find it at any cost!
I'll find my answer to the purpose of a dress.
I'll find the most influential agency and...
I'll follow through too!
I'll fulfill my dream.
I'll get closer to my dream.
I'll get into S4 by going my way!
I'll get into the Song Class without fail, and join S4 to boot.
I'll get my own Star Premium Rare Coord and reach the top of the Aikatsu Ranking!
I'll get right into today's word of advice.
I'll get the lights.
I'll give an example.
I'll give her my best performance ever!
I'll give it all I've got!
I'll give it a shot!
I'll give the Los Angeles thing to Haruka.
I'll give this to you!
I'll give you a hand, so let's start over from the beginning.
- I'll give you a task as well.
I'll give you the grand tour now.
I'll gladly join you!
I'll go and talk to Lily-senpai about it!
I'll go buy something.
I'll go inform the teacher you woke up.
I'll go let them know you've woken up.
I'll go speak with the director.
I'll go with you!
I'll have one!
I'll have to...
I'll have to can...
I'll have to do my part too.
I'll have to polish my performance to perfection before then.
I'll have to say my farewells to you as well.
I'll have to step it up and get better so I'm ready for the S4 Selection.
I'll have you model in my fashion show!
I'll have you pay for their full price should you drop out.
I'll help her.
I'll help out too!
I'll help you look for her!
I'll help you out, so let's get ready together.
I'll her with everything I've got!
I'll hit her with everything I've got!
I'll hold nothing back in this fight against my rival.
I'll instruct you thoroughly with my whip of love, so look forward to it.
I'll introduce you.
I'll introduce you to a fun dream So let's go together A glimmer formed by the gathering of many smaller lights.
I'll join if you really want me.
I'll join you as well.
I'll just have to show you!
I'll just make my own opportunities.
I'll keep improving my shows, and work my way even higher in the Aikatsu Ranking.
I'll keep improving my shows, and work my way higher and higher up the Aikatsu Ranking.
- I'll keep it close, and once I'm about to reach the goal in first place, I'll trip.
I'll keep it close, and once I'm about to reach the goal in first place, I'll trip on purpose.
- I'll keep it close, and once I'm about to reach the goal in first place, I'll trip over like a gag.
I'll keep on challenging you every chance I get.
I'll keep working hard so that we can share the stage again one day!
I'll knock 'em out with my battle dress!
I'll leave her in your hands, Yume-chan.
I'll leave them to you.
I'll lend a hand.
I'll lend a hand too, Yume-chan.
I'll lend her a hand.
I'll lend you a hand.
I'll let her see my best performance ever!
I'll let you two specially try my Laura-produced new flavor.
I'll live up to my brand's reputation and shake everyone's souls with my performances!
I'll look up the most influential agency and...
I'll make an absolutely amazing CD!
I'll make a stage where everyone can shine!
I'll make caffè latte drizzled with the slightly mature bittersweet taste of caramel!
I'll make everyone smile just like you, and be loved by everyone just like you, and just like you...
I'll make everything I can of it!
I'll make her turn my way again!
I'll make it into the Song Class, and join S4 to boot.
I'll make my wish come true on my own.
I'll make sure the party's a success and have Hime-senpai feel that leaving S4 to me was the right choice.
I'll make sure to be in S4 by then!
I'll make sure to see it through until the end.
I'll make sure you never forget the sight of our burning actress souls!
I'll make you proud to have a brother like me.
I'll make you shine brighter than ever before!
I'll melt your body and heart with my sweetness.
I'll need to be a lot more serious if I want to be your true rival.
I'll need to become my ultimate self.
I'll need to start my music studies over from step one to do it.
I'll never...
I'll never ask you for anything else again!
I'll never be late again!
I'll never, ever go to Venus Ark!
I'll never forget. I was so nervous it all fell to pieces.
I'll never forget the times we shared on stage, our brands and dresses, or the Star Wings we earned.
I'll never forget the time we shared on stage.
I'll never forget the time we shared on stage, our brands and dresses, or earning our Star Wings.
I'll never give up!
I'll never give up.
I'll never go along with someone who would insult her!
I'll never lose to anyone!
I'll never—never be aroused!
I'll never—never be excited!
I'll never—never ever be aroused!
I'll overcome you!
I'll pass!
I'll pass. You go on your own.
I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads
I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira
I'll play you in response Please listen to the music I'll play you in response Please listen to the music I'll play you in response Please listen to the music I'll play you in response Please listen to the music I'll play you in response Please listen to the music
I'll post the picture on my blog, so be sure to check it out!
I'll prepare a sexy song so that Koharu-chan can get in a sexy mood.
I'll prepare a sexy song so that Koharu-chan can let out her daring side.
I'll protect you!
I'll prove that we weren't just seeing things!
I'll pull this off!
I'll put down my very life to protect you inochi wo kakete mamorinuku I'll put down my very life to protect you inochi wo kakete mamorinuku That is this charming knight's raison d'être uruwashii kishi no sonzai riyuu That is this charming knight's raison d'être uruwashii kishi no sonzai riyuu
I'll put on a show you'll never forget!
- I'll race up the cursus honorum of acting - I'll win every acclaimed actress award that exists Just look.
- I'll really try to everyone's blood pumping.
I'll really try to get everyone's blood pumping.
I'll reclaim it with my own two hands.
I'll rely on you.
I'll request it as well!
I'll say it straight. The best I can give you is a five out of a hundred.
I'll see...
I'll see Hanazono Kirara's stage through until the very end!
- I'll see you after.
I'll see you after.
I'll see you again!
I'll see you later.
I'll see you soon.
I'll send you to the bottom of the sea if that's what it takes.
I'll share half of mine with you to eat.
I'll shine with everyone!
I'll shortly be concluding the night with a performance for our guests.
I'll shoulder their feelings and become their guiding light!
I'll shoulder their feelings and illuminate their path!
I'll show her an amazing performance at our show.
I'll show them my greatest performance!
I'll show them who's right.
- I'll show you a world you've never seen before - This is nothing! Felicitai-tai!
I'll show you how to get your hands on some special Grade-up Glitter!
I'll show you my best with every ounce of my Aikatsu soul.
I'll show you the Aikatsu of a new world.
I'll show you the true meaning of perfection!
I'll sing for myself!
I'll sing with all my heart!
I'll speed ahead as the world's greatest idol!
I'll stick with it too! To my feeling of love for Elza-sama!
I'll support you in any way I can.
I'll surpass her one day.
I'll take back my FuwaFuwa Dream before you know it!
I'll take care of all those live programs, so you girls be sure to rest up!
I'll take everyone's feelings to heart.
I'll take FuwaFuwa Dream back from your hands!
I'll take hold of my dream.
I'll take it!
I'll take it straight.
I'll take my time thinking over the song.
I'll take ten thick and rich demi-glace hamburg sets!
I'll take that as a compliment.
I'll take that as a suggestion.
I'll take the photo for you.
I'll take the stage.
I'll take the train the rest of the way back!
I'll take this audition.
I'll take what Hime-senpai's having.
I'll teach that new teach how cruel the real world is!
I'll tell her what for!
I'll tell you who they are.
I'll try one.
I'll try talking to them again.
I'll try using it.
- Illuminating the earth and providing strength to all living things upon its land, she is the summer sun.
Illuminating the path ahead as the new S4 representative of Song Class will be...
I'll upload the picture to my blog, so be sure to check it out!
I'll use all I have in me, with every ounce of my Aikatsu soul.
I'll use it to win the Final Tournament and become truly perfect...
I'll use the fullest extent of my power to exceed your expectations!
I'll use this Pink Coord, full of hearts and passion.
I'll use this Pink Coord, full of my heart's emotions.
Illustrated World Fashion Illustrated World Fashion Illustrated World Fashion Illustrated World Fashion Illustrated World Fashion Let us say that there are as many types of beauty as there are women.
I'll wear Spice Chord.
I'll whip you all into shape with love, so look forward to it.
I'll win Rock Koshien, no matter what.
I'll win the Final Tournament and become truly perfect...
I'll work hard to try and reach your level!
I'll work something out on my own.
I lodged here often in my younger days.
I looked it up on my Aikatsu Mobile, and it seems this helps you find things.
I looked up to her for the longest time.
I look just like a doll!
I look so sharp and dashing!
I lose nothing by waiting to see her plans through.
I lost...
I lost completely, Yume Nijino.
I lost, so I have no right to eat this.
I lost to Yume Nijino.
I love all of the coords you wear.
I love climbing cliffs.
I love coloring coords!
I loved Burn at the Sun.
I loved your autumn Premium Rare Dress too.
I loved your singing so much that I started taking lessons!
I loved you when we were little, and I love you now, Koharu-chan.
I love how rock it is!
I love it.
I love it...
I love it, Nikaidou! Making a gallant appearance on an ostrich!
I love it! That's your individuality!
I love perfect girls.
I love Spice Chord.
I love summer, but whenever I don't get to spend time with you...
I love that independent streak, Nikaidou!
I love the kitten!
I love them.
I love the Mahiru you are now too.
I love this scene.
I love to sing.
I love you!
I love you.
I love you and Laura too!
I love your singing so much that I started taking lessons!
I love you so much...
I love you the way you are now too.
I'm a bit worried about how ridiculous it'll be.
I'm about to head off to a design meeting.
I'm actually impressed you managed to keep up with my pace.
I made a guest appearance once.
I made an earnest wish to gain a pair of my own and put in the requisite effort.
I made a special request today to prepare a short reverie of true darkness for you.
I made Christmas cards as flyers.
I made Christmas cards as our flyers.
I made hot chocolate.
I made it!
I made it for them in short order.
I made it to the end!
I made my coord out of a bunch of different things!
I made my decision!
I made my resolution at last.
I made the Lovely Rainbow Dream Coord.
I made them all myself!
I made this with Koharu-chan's favorite color, thinking about how she'll be turning a new leaf.
I made this with Koharu-chan's favorite color, thinking about how she'll be turning over a new leaf.
I'm a diehard Nozomu-kun fan!
I'm a failure as a teacher.
I'm a fan of hers!
I'm a first-year middle school student at the idol school, Four Star Academy.
I'm a Four Star Academy first year, Nijino Yume!
I'm a Four Star Academy first-year, Nijino Yume!
I'm afraid all of you must be retested!
I'm afraid her hands are full preparing the tour schedule.
I'm afraid her hands are tied with preparing the tour schedule.
I'm afraid I can't allow that yet.
I'm afraid not. It would reflect badly on our reputation.
I'm afraid not. It would reflect badly on the Shiratori name.
I'm afraid she was called in for urgent business.
Image character?
I'm aiming to become the first-star idol.
I make sure to act like always I make sure to act like always even when things are looking down even when things are looking down Yes!
I'm a little bit surprised you brought us sushi and Japanese confections.
I'm all fired up!
I'm all for your idea! Yay!
I'm all jittery!
I'm already having lots of fun!
- I'm always cheering for you Good luck!! Looking forward to Fall Fest! Do your best!! Yume-chan, you haven't been commenting much recently What's wrong? I'm worried When will I be able to see your next stage, Yume-chan? - I'm always cheering for you Good luck!! Looking forward to Fall Fest! Do your best!! Yume-chan, you haven't been commenting much recently What's wrong? I'm worried When will I be able to see your next stage, Yume-chan?
I'm always cheering for you, so listen up!
I'm always coming in last.
- I'm always kept aware that the most important thing in Aikatsu isn't just singing or dancing.
I'm always on the receiving end of your help.
I'm always on the receiving end of your kindness.
ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo
ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo ima made no dare yori mo Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind
I'm amazed you still manage to get lost.
I'm a member of Theater Class.
I managed to make it in time.
I'm a Nozomu-kun diehard!
I'm... a popular model?
I'm appalled.
I'm a pumpkin!
I'm a scary, scary Cat Sidhe!
I'm a sci-fi manic myself.
I'm a sci-fi nut myself.
I'm a second-year at the idol middle school, Four Star Academy.
I'm a second-year exchange student at the idol middle school, Venus Ark.
I'm a second-year exchange student at the idol school, Venus Ark.
I'm a second-year studying abroad at the idol school, Venus Ark.
I'm ashamed as well. I even promised I would become an idol who could match Elza-san!
I'm asking as well.
I'm at a complete loss.
I'm a terrible mother.
I'm a tickle tickle alien!
I'm a weak person.
I may be a clumsy and clueless fledgling now...
I may be a clumsy and foolish fledgling now...
I may be a step behind, but it won't be for long!
I may be at the top of Theater Class, but I'm not done with my flight.
I may be in S4 now, but there's still so much I'm worried about.
I may be the top of Theater Class, but I don't see it as the end.
I may have been too fixated on eggs.
I may have inherited it from Kisaragi Tsubasa-senpai, but I plan to love and develop Spice Chord in my own way!
I may have joined S4, but I'm still inexperienced.
I may have joined S4, but I'm still unpolished.
I may have lost, but I'm so happy you were here to see me sing my heart out.
I may have lost today, but that just opens the door for me to get stronger tomorrow.
I may have lost to Elza-san at our last competition, but I'm gonna keep on shining the way only I can do!
I may have lost to Senpai, but I did claim Theater Class's S4 as my own.
I may have lost to Senpai, but I did claim Theater Class's spot in S4 as my own.
I may not be able to match Elza-san directly right now.
I may not be able to sleep tonight due to the anticipation.
I'm back!
I'm back.
I'm back...
I'm back! It's Haruka☆!
I'm back, Yume.
I'm beat.
I'm beat...
I'm begging you!
I'm begging you! Sister, sister onegai yo! sister, sister Hap-C embarrassing-C it's my happy punch!
I'm beside myself with anticipation for their bright futures.
I'm besides myself with anticipation to see their growth.
I'm busy with my weekly drama and other work.
I'm buying as much time as possible with my talk, but I can't delay any longer!
I'm buying as much time as possible with talk, but I can't delay much longer!
I'm certain Anne of Green Gables would say thusly: Isn't it good just to be alive on a day like this?
I'm certain she did not make her decision lightly.
I'm certain that the true purpose of these tests is for Kisaragi to ascertain that.
I'm certain that they must have stuffed that ordinary-looking muffin with wasabi!
I'm certain this will be another step in your growth.
I'm certain we will one day!
I'm challenging myself to new Aikatsu at Venus Ark!
I'm cheering for you! - M 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24 - M 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24
I'm closing the window.
I'm coming!
I'm coming at you with a hop, skip, and jump!
I'm coming in.
I'm coming in...
I'm confident that she will be able to obtain a Star Premium Rare Coord.
I'm confident that Spice Chord will find a dedicated audience overseas too.
I'm currently designing a dress with my mark on it.
I'm currently in the middle of designing my personal dress.
I'm cutting it close, but I have to make it somehow!
- I'm Dance Class's teacher, Dave Satou!
- I'm def going!
I'm definitely feeling hot.
I'm definitely going to come to Four Star Academy!
I'm definitely going to go to Four Star Academy!
﻿I'm definitely gonna be the first-star idol!
﻿I'm definitely gonna be the first star idol one day!
I'm definitely gonna be the world's brightest idol!
I'm definitely gonna make an amazing CD!
I'm disappointed.
I'm doing ça va, ça va over here!
I'm doing everything I can right now.
I'm doing it because I wanted to assist Lilienne.
I'm doing it so that I can touch the hearts of everyone in Japan as a top actress.
I'm doing my utmost to make the director's vision a reality.
I'm done!
I'm done.
I'm... done.
I'm done for!" That's because I have a lot of growing to do.
I'm done for!" You'd have been crying with your head in your hands.
I'm drafting up designs for my new Premium Rare Dress right now.
I'm eager to see which darlings will be acting alongside us.
I mean, ace the audition! Right?
I mean, Four Star Academy had the occasional test too...
I mean, I'd love to use the coord you picked.
I mean, I do.
I mean, if she doesn't win, there goes any hope of being in the Final Tournament.
I mean, I just wanted her to value herself more.
I mean, it's something I could see you doing...
I mean—no, not at all!
I mean, pass! Right?
I mean, Yuri-senpai!
Imeeji gaaru Image girl!
I'm elated to see what darlings will be acting alongside us.
I'm Elza Forte, Venus Ark's owner and top idol.
I'm entry number 10, Nijino Yume.
I messed up...
I met Hime.
I met Hoo-chan.
I'm even feeling kind of nervous.
I'm excited for Stylish Girl Lesson as well!
I'm excited, I'm very excited!
I'm excited! I'm very excited!
I'm excited to see!
I'm excited to see them.
I'm excited to see what you do with Spice Chord!
I'm excited to see your entries.
I'm excited to see your Spice Chord!
I'm excited to Stylish Girl Lesson as well!
I'm exhausted!
I'm exhausted.
I'm expecting great things.
I'm fairly confident in my performance ability on stage...
I'm fascinated... I'm very fascinated!
I'm feeling a bit stuck.
I'm feeling fired up too!
I'm feeling kinda hyped up!
I'm feeling kind of lost.
I'm fine!
I'm fine.
I'm fine, don't worry!
I'm fine, it's really nothing...
I'm fine. This always happens.
I'm finished!
I'm focusing entirely on my acting work.
I'm for it.
I'm friends with Yume.
I'm frustrated! I'm very frustrated!
I'm Futaba Aria.
I'm getting a really bad feeling about this.
I'm getting dizzy!
I'm getting excited.
I'm getting excited to see the performance.
I'm getting hungry.
I'm getting more nervous than I am for myself.
I'm getting nervous.
I'm getting pumped up!
I'm getting really nervous.
I'm giving these out to everyone.
I'm giving this to you!
I'm glad.
I'm glad...
I'm glad, and thank you!
I'm glad everyone seemed to enjoy it.
- I'm glad for that, but I also want to entertain all of the shop owners and workers too.
I'm glad for you.
I'm glad I came.
I'm glad I could be of help.
I'm glad I got to help with one last performance before flying off.
I'm glad I got to help with one last performance before flying out.
I'm glad I managed to get your attention.
I'm glad! I'm very glad!
I'm glad it worked out in the end.
I'm glad Reina-chan was able to think positively again.
I'm glad that all of us grew closer.
I'm glad that got them all excited.
I'm glad that Laura's having a good time.
- I'm glad, then.
I'm glad to be of help.
I'm glad to hear how much you look up to me. However...
I'm glad to hear it.
I'm glad to hear that. Your sister, huh?
I'm glad to hear that. You sister, huh?
I'm glad to see you all so resolute on New Year's Day.
I'm glad to see you awake.
I'm glad to talk. I really am, Koharu-chan.
I'm glad we didn't have any problems.
I'm glad we drove by.
I'm glad we were able to repay you for saving us.
I'm glad we were able to share this with Mahiru.
I'm glad you called.
I'm glad you enjoyed it. Good luck with your work, everyone.
I'm glad you enjoy them.
I'm glad you found your answer.
I'm glad you liked it.
I'm glad you like it. I'll work hard to make it real.
I'm glad you like it, Yume-chan.
I'm glad you're awake.
I'm glad you're here. There's something I've been meaning to say.
I'm glad you seem to like it.
I'm going.
I'm going for the Beauty Class.
I'm going home first Mahiru - I'm going home first Mahiru - I'm going home first Mahiru Time to eat!
I'm going to apply for this show.
I'm going to become the first-star idol.
I'm going to be holding a mini-live at the outdoor stage soon!
I'm going to be more aggressive too.
I'm going to be moving overseas.
I'm going to bet everything on this.
I'm going to be the center!
I'm going to be the center no matter what!
I'm going to confirm you're all here, so please step forward.
I'm going to figure out the purpose a dress serves.
I'm going to get ready.
I'm going to go find it.
I'm going to go for this show.
I'm going to hit Elza-san with everything I've got.
I'm going to hold a homegrown live on the final day of voting.
I'm going to hold a homegrown show on the final day of voting.
I'm going to learn everything I can from Senpai's Aikatsu!
I'm going to leave for Italy next week.
I'm going to make Berry Parfait a brand that lets everyone shine their brightest.
I'm going to make it into S4!
I'm going to move on too!
I'm going to move to England this spring and make my debut there.
I'm going too!
I'm going to put it all on the line here.
I'm going to say hello.
I'm going to sing.
I'm going to sing for both myself and Laura!
I'm going to take off towards the next stage.
I'm going to take off toward the next stage.
I'm going to think hard about what I personally want from S4.
I'm going to try and convince Lily-senpai one more time!
I'm going to try to convince Lily-senpai one more time!
I'm going to wait for her at the main entrance!
I'm going to win next!
I'm going to win next time!
I'm going to write that down!
I'm gonna beat you next time, just you wait!
I'm gonna beat you next time, just you wait for me!
I'm gonna be the center and get one step closer to S4!
﻿I'm gonna be the first-star idol one day!
I'm gonna do my bestest for you, okay?
I'm gonna fall!
I'm gonna find a mirror!
I'm gonna find my individuality!
I'm gonna get there before our meet-up time.
I'm gonna go all-out from the start, so keep those eyes peeled and try to learn!
I'm gonna go and ask now.
I'm gonna go and ask them.
I'm gonna go grab a drink.
I'm gonna head them off and say bye to Hime-sama!
I'm gonna keep on doing my own Aikatsu, designing how I want and taking on new challenges!
I'm gonna make Elza-sama turn my way again!
I'm gonna make the best treasure hunt event ever!
I'm gonna make this dress into a Star Premium Rare Coord!
I'm gonna pass that audition and act alongside S4!
I'm gonna sneak ahead and see Hime-sama off!
I'm good, thanks.
I'm grateful beyond words.
I'm Hanazono Kirara.
I'm Hanazono Kirara from Venus Ark.
I'm Hanazono Kirara! Kiraran!
I'm Hanazono Kirara! Nice to meet you.
I'm happy! I'm very happy!
I'm happy too!
I'm happy your dream has finally come true.
I'm heading off to a gig.
I'm heading off to work.
I'm heading over to the travel bureau to do some promo work for the event. Want to come?
I'm her classmate, Sakuraba Laura.
I'm here.
I'm here at the dolphin show pool from the clue that Yume ended up with.
I'm here at the dolphin show pool that Yume picked at random from the clues.
I'm here for you, Elza.
I'm her fan now!
I'm Hikami Sumire.
- I'm holding this lesson to help those of who lack experience.
I'm holding this lesson to help those of you who lack experience.
I'm home...
I'm honing my skills right now.
I'm honored!
I'm honored by your praise.
- I'm honored to accept this position.
I'm honored to have earned the top position.
- I'm honored to have topped the field.
I'm hopeless.
I'm Hoshimiya Ichigo. Glad you're not hurt!
I'm humbled to be in your presence.
I'm hyped for the Final Tournament!
I'm hyped to Dress Make!
I'm hyped to watch the Final Tournament!
I might actually be amazing!
I might become the world's top idol!
I might get the chance to say that.
I might have made a mistake with the way I loved.
I might lose my ability to sing.
I might need to be even more drastic.
I might've been too fixated on the eggs.
I might've just taken my first real step towards becoming an idol!
- I'm impressed.
I'm impressed that you're able to host a children's show so well.
I'm impressed you are so informed.
I'm impressed you managed to keep pace with me.
I'm impressed you noticed.
I'm in!
I'm in.
I'm in a fight with Mommy.
I'm inspired!
I'm interested! I'll take the audition!
I'm interested in the Beauty Class.
I'm in the middle of filming a video for my LA dance school.
I'm in top form!
I missed you!
I mistook you for another fairy, ribbit.
Imitation? Of me?
I, Miwa Tamagorou, shall be your host.
I'm jittery.
I'm just a little dizzy...
I'm just doing the things I can.
I'm just doing the things I can do.
I'm just glad I was able to be of use.
I'm just glad she's safe.
I'm just like Yume-chan!
I'm just not seeing it.
I'm just passing on what Elza-sama taught me.
I'm just really happy about being able to go on stage with you!
I'm just worried...
I'm Kasumi Asahi.
I'm Kasumi Mahiru.
I'm Kasumi Mahiru, and I just came floating down from the sky!
- I'm Kasumi Yozora, from the Beauteous Moon class.
- I'm Kasumi Yozora, from the Lunar Beauty Class.
I'm Kasumi Yozora, from the Moon Beauty Class.
I'm Kasumi Yozora of Beauty Class.
I'm keeping at my Aikatsu hard every day of summer break.
I'm kind of panicking.
I'm kind of unsure.
I'm Kizaki Rei. I look forward to working with you.
I'm leaving.
I'm leaving for England next week.
I'm light-years away from being a match for my sister.
I'm like Hime-senpai?
I'm Liszt Juli, from Hungary.
I'm loathe to admit it, but you were fantastic out there.
I'm locked on to you!
I'm looking for a replacement, but none of them really work.
I'm looking for partners to go find it with Even for S4, this couldn't have been easy.
- I'm looking for partners to go find it with - mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo So let's go together
- I'm looking for partners to go find it with - mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo - So let's go together - tomo ni yukou
I'm looking for partners to go find it with mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo I can't do this without your strength kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo - So let's go together - tomo ni yukou
I'm looking forward to hearing it.
I'm looking forward to it.
I'm looking forward to it so much I can't contain my excitement!
I'm looking forward to it, Tsuru-san.
I'm looking forward to our future work.
I'm looking forward to seeing you on stage with Hime-chan...
I'm looking forward to showing the previous S4 how much I've grown.
I'm looking forward to the coming year being even better than the last!
I'm looking forward to the look of surprise on Yume-chan's face when she sees it.
I'm looking forward to the rest.
I"m looking forward to the rest.
I'm looking forward to your creations.
I'm looking forward to your performance!
I'm losing it!
I'm Lunch.
I'm mad that I lost! I'm so frustrated it hurts!
I'm Maekawa Ayano. Nice to meet you.
I'm making my way up.
Immediate disqualification!
I'm Minato Mio.
I'm more nervous for this than for my own shows.
I'm Nanakura Koharu.
I'm Nanakura Koharu, from Beauty Class.
I'm nervous about standing on stage after such a long gap.
I'm Nijino Yume!
I'm Nijino Yume.
I'm Nijino Yume, a second grader in elementary school!
I'm Nijino Yume, a second-year exchange student at the idol middle school, Venus Ark.
- I'm Nijino Yume from Four Star Academy.
I'm Nijino Yume from Four Star Academy!
I'm Nijino Yume from Four Star Academy.
I'm Nijino Yume, from Four Star Academy.
I'm Nijino Yume, from Song Class.
I'm no match for Laura right now.
I'm not...
I'm not confident.
I'm not confident in what I can do feeling like this, I needed to rely on you to set this up.
I'm not crying!
I'm not dexterous with my left hand.
I'm not done yet!
I'm not exactly the biggest fan...
I'm not finished!
I'm not forcing anything!
I'm not glad!
I'm not going down myself!
I'm not gonna give you a second to rest, got it?
I'm not gonna lose!
I'm not gonna lose either!
I'm not hearing a chorus!
I'm not holding...
I'm not interested.
I'm not Kasumi Yozora.
I'm not lonely at all.
I'm not particularly inclined to lend you my assistance, but if you insist, I suppose I wouldn't mind...
I'm not perfect.
I'm not perfect yet.
I'm not prepared for this...
I'm not really...
I'm not really sure, but I guess I was just lucky.
I'm not really sure, but it was Tsubasacchi's request, and I wasn't just gonna refuse.
I'm not saying that showing your appeal isn't vital.
I'm not seeing any inflammation.
I'm not so certain.
I'm not so sure about that.
I'm not sure.
I'm not sure...
I'm not sure, but at the very least, those two have become true rivals at last.
I'm not sure either.
I'm not sure how effective it'll be, but as your manager, I want to do everything I possibly can.
I'm not sure if I can perform well feeling like this, but if there's even the slightest chance of making a breakthrough...
I'm not sure if I'm living my life correctly.
I'm not sure. I still haven't decided.
I'm not sure it's praiseworthy.
I'm not sure that's something a brand muse should be saying.
I'm not surprised.
I'm not that confident...
I'm not the chef, though.
I'm not very hungry.
I'm not yet perfect.
I'm nowhere near caught up.
I modified the sleeves and other proportions to match you all.
I modified the sleeves and other proportions to suit you all.
I'm off to find a new me in a new place.
- I'm off to get everyone's blood pumping.
I'm off to my shoot!
I'm okay, this is the same as always.
I'm on cloud nine!
I'm one of our team's representatives too.
I'm one of the leaders of Four Star Academy in S4.
I'm one of them. Won't you come with me?
I'm on it!
I'm only a step away from my dream...
- I'm only attending an opening event for a shop in Russia, so I'll return in two or three days.
- I'm only going to Russia for an opening event, so I'll return in two or three days.
I'm only interested in the Final Tournament.
I'm only one step away from my dream...
I'm only who I am now due to my fans, so I try to interact with them as much as possible.
I'm on Nozomu and Asahi's side.
I'm on props, and...
I'm on the edge of my seat to see Laura-chan dance!
I'm on the edge of my seat waiting to see Laura-chan dance!
I'm on vacation in Hawaii right now.
I'm Oozora Akari.
I'm Oozora Akari from Starlight Academy.
I'm opening the door.
I'm out. Laters.
Impact?
I'm pleased that you have found your own path.
I'm pleased to hear that.
I'm pleased to know you feel that way.
I'm pleased to see you again, Mother.
I'm pooped.
- Important Announcement!!
- Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie Grace Forte - Of the Principality of Monaco - Important Document - Dearly beloved Queen Yukie
Impossible... it's very impossible!
Impossible things are impossible!
Impression? Of me?
Impressive, huh?
I'm pretty sure that color...
I'm proud to have her lead Theater Class.
I'm proud to say that I never missed a single day of practice.
Improve!
Improve yourself and overcome it.
I'm quite jealous you're going to Italy.
I'm quite relieved.
I'm ready anytime. Hurry up and reach me, Mahiru!
I'm ready, Aria-chan. Let's eat...
I'm ready to go!
I'm ready too!
I'm ready to see it.
I'm really back.
I'm really excited!
I'm really excited for it!
I'm really happy for you.
I'm really happy to hear that from you.
I'm really happy we met each other.
I'm really looking forward to it!
I'm really looking forward to your release concert!
I'm really lucky.
I'm really sorry!
I'm really sorry about last night!
I'm really so, so glad!
I'm relieved that you're back up to speed.
I'm right here.
I'm Sakuraba Laura.
I'm Sakuraba Laura, from Song Class.
I'm Sakuraba Laura. Likewise.
I'm Saotome Ako!
I'm Sashita from Four Star Label!
I'm saying I'll buy time until the girls can get here.
I'm saying that being different is a good thing.
I'm scared.
I'm searing for a replacement, but none of them are good.
I'm sensitive to the low pressure.
I'm serious?
I'm serious.
I'm set on the Song Class.
I'm Shiratori Hime. I welcome you all.
I'm simply glad that you have found your own path.
I'm so...
I'm so beat...
I'm so embarrassed!
I'm so excited!
I'm so excited for our show I can't help myself!
I'm so excited for our show I can't sit still!
I'm so excited for the fireworks.
I'm so excited for the school festival!
I'm so excited I can hardly contain myself!
I'm so excited I'm gonna explode!
I'm so excited I'm not okay at all!
I'm so excited to experience Halloween here!
I'm so excited to for Four Star Halloween!
I'm so excited to see what kind of cakes they'll have prepared!
I'm so frustrated.
I'm so frustrated with myself.
I'm so giddy, I can't contain my excitement!
I'm so glad!
I'm so glad.
I'm so glad...
I'm so glad for you.
I'm so glad for you, Koharu-chan.
I'm so glad for you, Laura.
I'm so glad for you, Nijino-san!
I'm so glad I came.
I'm so glad I could take this with you.
I'm so glad I have the chance to take this with you.
I'm so glad I made it.
I'm so glad I'm Kasumi Mahiru's brother!
I'm so glad I was able to remember that feeling.
I'm so glad I was born!
I'm so glad I was born in the same era as Mahiru!
I'm so glad Reina-chan was able to think positively again.
I'm so glad she was able to make up with her sisters!
I'm so glad we made it.
I'm so glad you all came over to hang out in my room.
I'm so glad you're back with your mom again.
I'm so glad you reunited with your mom.
I'm so glad, Yume-chan!
I'm so grateful to all the staff.
I'm so grateful to our staff.
I'm so happy!
I'm so happy.
I'm so happy for you!
I'm so happy for you, Elza-san!
I'm so happy... I really am...
I'm so happy I've got the jitters!
I'm so happy right now! So very happy.
I'm so happy to meet you!
I'm so happy to see all of you here.
I'm so happy we met!
I'm so honored! I'll make this my heirloom!
I'm so honored! This'll be a family heirloom!
I'm so hyped for Dress Make!
I'm so hyped up I can't contain my excitement!
I'm so mad!
I'm so nervous!
I'm so nervous.
I'm so nervous, I can't contain my jitters!
I'm so pumped up, I can't contain my excitement!
I'm so relieved.
I'm sorr...
I'm sorry!
I'm sorry.
I'm sorry...
I'm sorry about that. Did you get hurt?
I'm sorry, Ako-chan.
I'm sorry, but... I don't need the cake after all.
I'm sorry, but I still haven't figured out the most important part.
I'm sorry, but it will not go your way.
I'm sorry. Come on, it's time to go.
I'm sorry. Elza has a habit of igniting the fighting spirit of those around her.
I'm sorry, everyone.
I'm sorry for acting like that after you went through all the effort of designing for me.
I'm sorry for being late.
I'm sorry for coming so late.
I'm sorry for making you come out so early.
I'm sorry for messing up like that!
I'm sorry for the disturbance.
I'm sorry Hime and Tsubasa couldn't be here, but they had prior work.
I'm sorry I can't accompany you back.
I'm sorry I can't help you, but I'm overloaded with design work right now.
I'm sorry I can't send you back.
I'm sorry. I couldn't become your light.
I'm sorry I got you caught up in helping us, Nijino-san.
I'm sorry, I just...
I'm sorry, I just thought that seeing how pros work would help our Aikatsu.
I'm sorry, I just thought that seeing pros at work would help our Aikatsu.
I'm sorry, I'll go back to...
I'm sorry I'm late!
I'm sorry. I promise to make up for it soon, so please wait until then.
I'm sorry! I pushed them a little too hard.
I'm sorry. I thought you already knew, so I was spending time with Kirara-chan.
I'm sorry, it looks like traffic is backed up due to an accident.
I'm sorry I've been out of contact for so long, Yume-chan.
I'm sorry! I was just drawn here by the sound of the flowers.
I'm sorry I wasn't able to make smooth transitions.
I'm sorry, okay?
I'm sorry, that's my...
I'm sorry you had to go through the trouble of preparing me a car, Anna-sensei.
I'm so sorry!
I'm so sorry...
I'm so sorry I couldn't give you a proper farewell, Koharu-chan.
I'm so sorry! I was in a rush and I'm really sorry!
I'm so sorry that I couldn't give you a proper farewell, Koharu-chan.
I'm so sorry we're late!
I'm starting to feel the excitement!
I'm starving.
I'm starving after all that singing.
I'm starving after all that talking we did.
I'm still a bit unsure though.
I'm still feeling kind of nervous.
I'm still feeling unsure, but now I know I'm not alone.
I'm still feeling unsure, but now I'm not alone.
I'm still going to sing the best I can for those who came to see me.
I'm still hearing some discord.
- I'm still kind of nervous.
- I'm still kind of nervous about it.
I'm still not even close to being danced out!
I'm still not totally sure.
I'm still recording.
I'm still recording this.
I'm still scared of going on stage alone.
I'm still so far behind.
I'm still worried, true, but now I know I'm not alone.
I'm stuffed.
I'm such an idiot!
I'm super amped to do it!
I'm super excited to have you come!
I'm super hyped for it!
I'm supposed to be edging closer to the dream I proclaimed that day...
I'm supposed to only have eyes for Subaru-kyun...
I'm sure...
I'm sure Elza must have a good reason.
I'm sure Elza-sama could've spared some time to play with me...
I'm sure he meant it as a real compliment.
I'm sure her friends have provided her with a lot of support.
I'm sure I can pass the stamina test!
I'm sure I couldn't have made it this far on my own.
I'm sure I'm just preaching to the choir, though.
I'm sure I only could've done it here.
I'm sure it'd make her happy.
I'm sure it'll be fine! This is just part of our Aikatsu.
I'm sure it's eating at her.
I'm sure it's the same for Elza-san.
I'm sure it was just the wind.
I'm sure it was tough, but Yozora-senpai and Hime-senpai had even more on their plates.
I'm sure it will!
I'm sure it would suit you wonderfully.
I'm sure I would've cried by myself.
I'm sure Laura thinks the same way too.
I'm sure of it.
I'm sure our audience wouldn't have seen anything like it before, so I'd like to include it somehow.
I'm sure she did well enough.
I'm sure she just tried too hard.
I'm sure she'll be fine.
I'm sure that Laura's working hard as we speak.
I'm sure that seeing you hard at work will bring happiness to people.
I'm sure that's how idols should be.
I'm sure that's why there are probably still some girls who don't realize they're sisters.
I'm sure the customers will enjoy it.
I'm sure the fairy of victory will be on your side!
I'm sure the guests won't have any experience with it either, so I'd like to include it somehow.
I'm sure there are people out there who have never heard of me.
I'm sure they'll be overjoyed.
I'm sure they'll love them.
I'm sure they're here!
I'm sure this will be a good experience for Mahiru.
I'm sure we'll be working together again.
I'm sure we share the same worries and joys.
I'm sure you'll make it.
I'm sure you'll understand then.
I'm sure you must love rock too... so why?
I'm sure you unhesitatingly went straight for the Theater Class.
I'm sure you've heard this a million times, but we ask you to please silence your cell phone...
I'm sure you went straight for the Theater Class.
I'm taking a leave of absence from Four Star to travel the world.
I'm taking an interview about my recent part in a movie.
I'm taking an interview regarding my recent movie role.
I'm taking notes on today's Aikatsu with Yume-chan before I forget.
I'm talking about the Four Star Label Dance Class music video we put out regularly.
I'm talking about the Four Star Label music video we regularly make for Dance Class.
I'm telling you, it's like the Yeti or Nessy!
I'm telling you, there's really a ghost!
I'm terrible at giving up too.
I'm testing recipes as we speak.
I'm the campaign girl for Jewel Ice Cream.
I'm the gym teacher, Nikaidou Yuzuo!
I'm the leader here!
I'm the muse of the new brand, FuwaFuwa Dream!
I'm the one thanking you.
I'm the one who needs to apologize, Elza.
I'm the one who should be saying thank you.
I'm the one who should be thanking you.
I'm the only one who's free next Thursday afternoon.
I'm the only one who's free next Thursday afternoon to get it all set up.
I'm the only one who's free next Thursday afternoon to set up for the party.
I'm the only person in Song Class you can rely on without a second thought.
I'm the only person in Song Class you wouldn't feel bad about relying on.
I'm the reason we couldn't win.
I'm the same as you, Saya-chan.
I'm thinking as hard as I can to get it ready to sing for my upcoming audition.
I'm thinking of filling the area with a variety of original booths so that every visitor will be able to find something they enjoy.
I'm thinking of inviting Elza-sama tonight.
I'm thinking of setting up a variety of original booths so that every visitor will be able to find something they enjoy.
I'm through with being negative.
I'm tired.
I'm tired, but fulfilled.
I'm tired, but I had a good time.
I'm too anxious...
I'm too embarrassed to go on!
I'm totally fine doing this.
I'm totally okay. More importantly...
I'm touched!
I'm touched! I'm very touched!
I'm trembling with excitement!
I'm truly sorry.
I'm trying as hard as I can to get it ready to sing for my upcoming audition.
I'm trying to fish it out with all my might, but it's just impossible.
I'm trying to think up some lines to use when I MC, and I was hoping you could give me some advice.
I'm unable to keep up with you at full speed.
I'm unable to keep up with your full speed.
I'm unstoppable with my Sun Dress!
I'm unsure who you're referring to.
I'm up next.
I'm upset.
I'm using you as a reference for my hairstyle, makeup, and fashion.
I'm using you as a reference for my hairstyle, my makeup, and my fashion.
I must admit I agree.
I must admit that I liked Romance Kiss's sexy dresses.
I must call upon the goddess from beyond the heavens to descend!
I must continue forward!
I must continue forward at any cost!
I must decline.
I must emerge victorious from the exam battlegrounds.
I must emerge victorious from the exam battlegrounds without fail.
I must go to be at her side.
- I must help a sister in need!
I mustn't let them worry!
I must prepare for the ball!
I must refuse.
I must refuse. Unlike you, I'm rather busy.
I must return home.
I must say I was too.
I must summon the goddess from beyond the heavens!
I must use every ounce of my ability to achieve my dream of joining S4.
I must've been hearing things.
I'm very happy thinking about all the Aikatsu we can do together!
I'm very happy to finally meet you.
I'm very jittery!
I'm very shocked.
I'm very upset.
I'm vexed! I'm very vexed!
I'm waiting with bated breath!
I'm watching over Kirara and Aria training for the Final Tournament right now.
I'm way too happy for my first solo live performance!
I'm weak to the low pressure.
I'm wearing the Girly Checkered One-piece from Berry Parfait.
I'm where am I now because others have supported me.
I'm with you.
I'm with Yume-chan!
I'm worried she'll be disappointed if you helped out.
I'm worried she'll be disappointed if you help like this.
I'm worthless. I'm completely worthless!
I'm Yotsuba.
I'm your class's homeroom teacher.
I'm your fan, and now I'm your rival too!
I'm your fan, but now I'm your rival too!
I'm Yume's classmate, Sakuraba Laura. Nice to meet you.
In a big way.
In a corner of its garden lived a tiny, tiny little fairy girl.
In a corner of the garden lived a tiny, tiny little fairy girl.
In addition, due to Kirara-sama having needed support, the race is marked as a tie.
In addition, eating, drinking, and smoking is not allowed in the theater.
In addition, it appears that she herself was once a world-renowned top idol.
In addition, please bring me a salad.
In addition, she's starred in Hollywood movies and performed recitals at Carnegie Hall.
In addition, she was blessed with the talent to excel in her studies and athletics without putting in much effort.
In all likelihood, at the conclusion of today's performances...
In anticipation of meeting so many of you idols, I've prepared a humble present.
In any case, all I can do now is follow Hime-senpai's advice and Aikatsu as hard as I can!
In any case, eat up.
In any case, how are you on time?
In any case, I'm looking forward to her show.
In any case, I need to be on the offensive more than ever before!
In any case, I take it all back, Kira Kanata!
In any case, it's absurd for me to be wandering around here this late at night.
In any case, it's so exciting.
In any case, I wasn't expecting to see you here, Nee-san.
In any case, please forgive me.
In any case, real reindeer don't fly.
In any case, she's extremely individualistic!
In any case, we should enjoy this one with just us.
In any case, we should enjoy this year with just us.
In any case, you need to win for all of us, and also for Kirara!
In any case, you need to win for all of us and for Kirara as well!
In any case, you're starting off as my assistant.
In any movie about show dancers worth its salt, there's sure to be at least one backstage scene.
In a word...
In a word, it is the start of Winter Fest!
In a word, surfing!
In a word, Winter Fest is upon us!
In cases like these, we need to plan for the worst case scenario as the Song Class.
In China, there exists a phrase: Oath of the Peach Garden.
Including you.
In comparison, President Koumoto's favorite flavor is melon.
Inconceivable!
In contrast, I singlemindedly tried to create a wonderful dress for its own sake.
In contrast to her, Lily-senpai wore the Night Safari Coord, emblematic of nature after dark.
Incredible!
Incredible...
Incredible! Four Star Academy's Shirogane Lily has cleared the challenge!
Incredible! Four Star Academy's Shirogane Lily has cleared the task!
Incredible. How is she able to dance like that?
Incredible, isn't it?
Incredible! She's getting past everything thrown at her by the Teachers, her very own instructors!
- Incredible! She's getting through the teachers' hindrance as if they aren't there!
Incredible! She's very incredible!
Incredible, Tsubasa-senpai!
Incredible, Yume-chan.
In Dance Class, Yuzu delivered her second victory in as many years.
In Dance Class, Yuzu earned the right to keep her title for a second year.
In Dance Class, Yuzu-senpai blew everyone else away with her power that didn't allow comparison.
In Dance Class, Yuzu-senpai blew the field away with a power that couldn't be touched.
Indeed.
Indeed, every single one of our students is hard at work preparing for Halloween.
Indeed. It clears the mind, and above all else, it puts you in a state of focus.
Indeed. It clears the mind, and above all else puts me in a state of focus.
Indeed it is.
Indeed, I used to be that way.
Indeed, I used to be the same.
i n d e v e r y p a g e I t u r n l i e s a f e e l i n g I v e n e v e r k n o w n p e e j i w o m
Individualistic idols...
Individuality.
Individuality...
- Individuality Individuality...
Individuality, my specialty!
Individuality Okay, baby. I'll let you off the hook this time.
Individuality that surfaces even after having your individuality taken away is true individuality.
Individuals...
I need to apologize, Elza.
I need to arrest those Shadow Stars myself and get her to recognize me as a proper investigator!
I need to believe in myself!
I need to build up stamina for my solo live.
I need to change the brand's name to incorporate these emotions.
I need to change the brand's name to incorporate this desire.
I need to come up with a plan for my promotion in the next ten minutes.
I need to do as much Aikatsu as I can.
I need to eat and buff my stamina if I want my movie filming to go smoothly.
I need to eat up if I want to last through my movie filming.
I need to get going!
I need to get going soon.
I need to get ready.
I need to get to Koharu-chan...
I need to go and give a lesson to Song Class.
I need to go in and film a few extra cuts for the movie I thought we finished.
I need to go pick up something I left on set.
I need to go practice for my show.
I need to learn from Lily-senpai, with how she strives for even greater heights even after she got her Star Wings.
I need to let Yume-chan know as soon as possible.
I need to let Yume-chan know soon.
I need to push my limits to get better.
I need to repay their kindness this year.
I need to run a full scan of my brain data.
I need to run a full scan of my mental data.
I need to... say goodbye to Koharu-chan.
I need to step it up as well.
I need to step it up to the next level as well.
I need to train! I have to figure out a way to train!
I need to train! I have to find some kind of training!
I need to train my core more.
I need to work even harder.
I need to work harder.
I need to work just as hard!
I need you!
I need you to believe in me.
In either case, Yuzu brought to me a single book.
I never could've imagined so many people would show up.
I never could've imagined that the work admins do was so hard.
I never could've imagined that the work the admins did was so hard.
I never do that!
I never dreamed we'd have to part with Koharu a second time...
I never expected to you pull "great curse" as your fortune.
I never expected to you pull great curse as your fortune.
I never expected Yozora-senpai to lose.
I never had a chance...
I never had the makings of an idol.
I never realized how hard it is to walk naturally.
I never realized it back then, but Hime-senpai came up with so many designs despite how busy S4 kept her.
I never want her to see something like that again.
I never want to look away.
I never will reach her...
- In exchange, I'm thinking of having you perform.
In exchange, we've prepared a show to keep you entertained until they get here.
Inexperienced as I may be, I will act as your tutor for language arts.
In fact, I have a proposal for her.
- In fact, I have something to propose to her.
In fact, it's the most important thing.
In fact, this may be the most important trait of a true idol.
- In fact, this may be the most important trait to being an idol.
- In fact, this may indeed be the most important aspect of an idol.
Infinite possibilities...
Infinite world complete!
In first place is...
In first: Venus Ark's Elza Forte-san!
In flower language, carnations mean "insatiable curiosity".
In flower language, gerbera means "constant progress".
In flower language, jasmine means "lovable".
In flower language, parsley means "festive".
In flower language, the carnation means "insatiable curiosity".
In flower language, they represent "joy of youth".
In flower language, yucca means "gallant".
In France, the capital of fashion, I plan to learn and expand my horizons.
in her Pluto Star Premium Rare Coord.
- In her scraps of free time, Nijino is running around helping Sakuraba.
In itself?
In its entirety?
In just a while, they'll be telling you all about Rainbow Berry Parfait.
In just one year, you fulfilled your dream of making S4, Yume-chan.
- In juxtaposition, I can only let fall the cold snow as dark, wintry clouds.
In light of what's to come, it is best that everyone sees her perform.
in Los Angeles for a venture into Hollywood.
In most cases, an existing brand makes an offer to appoint the new member as their muse.
In my class sorting audition.
In my eyes, you appear to be running away from something.
In my eyes, you appear to be running away from your desires.
In my mind, the strong emotional connections between these trees represent the bonds of S4.
In my opinion, seeing the dancers relax before taking the stage would be interesting.
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord My brand is Royal Sword.
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord My soul was touched by the refinement of your Innocent Prince Coord.
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Royal Sword is a brand made for Elza.
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord It's the Search for S around the city game!
Innocent Prince Coord Innocent Prince Coord Or so you say...
I no longer have anything to teach you.
I no longer have need of anyone.
In one week, we'll decide who gets to be the center for each class.
In order to act alongside you all again one day, I'm going to Aikatsu as hard as I can!
In order to face and fight myself, I decided to transfer into the Theater Class.
In order to learn even more about dresses, we came to Venus Ark.
In order to obtain Hime, I will first claim you as my own, Yume Nijino.
In order to protect their personal information.
In order to prove I'm the brightest first star in the world, my Aikatsu will have to pass the coming tests.
In order to qualify for the final stage, you must be in one of the first two pairs to reach the goal.
In other words...
In other words, my father made this dreamlike Eastern cake for me when I was younger.
In other words, Nikaidou Yuzu and I, Shirogane Lily, hereby announce our new unit!
In other words, Nikaidou Yuzu and I, Shirogane Lily, hereby officially announce our new unit!
In other words, we need to demonstrate that we worked the hardest to win.
In other words, we're true rivals starting now.
In other words, you have more passion for performing than anyone else.
In other words, you only need to focus on improving a single recipe.
In other words, you only need to focus on perfecting a single recipe.
I now ask each representative to speak a few words.
I now declare the start of Venus Wave!
I now hold a Star Premium Rare Coord!
I now hold it in my hands!
I now stand atop the true apex!
I now stand upon the ultimate apex!
In Paris, France.
In place of my introduction, I would like to answer your questions.
In place of the proficiency test, you'll be conducting interviews with Americans entirely in English.
In pure skill, Laura is definitely better.
In recognition of the potential you showed as a model, we present you with the Judge's Choice award.
In recognition of the potential you showed as a model, we present you with the judges' special award.
In remembrance of our time in Japan, I have prepared beef from each of the forty-seven prefectures.
In short, if one of our students was to win...
In short, if one of our students were to win...
Inside my heart...
Instead...
Instead, I'll offer up my very best song and dance to bring a smile to your face!
Instead of a proficiency test, you'll be taking part in interviews with Americans conducted entirely in English.
Instead of following what everyone else is doing, you should find what's unique to yourself.
- Instead of just telling them, an actual performance should be a much better example.
Instead of that, I'll put on my very best song and dance to bring a smile to your face!
Instead, use your impassioned heart to explode!
- Instead you should downplay everything else in order to bring them out.
- Instead, you should soften the other areas in order to bring them out.
Instead, you should soften the other areas in order to bring them out.
Instructor, come on!
Interested?
Interesting. I'll take you on.
In terms of fashion, Mahiru and I like sexy styles.
Intertwining individualities.
In that case...
In that case, I have no use for a wingless fairy!
In that case, let's bring her a snack that'll fill her with energy for the afternoon.
In that case, let's give out a hint!
In that case, please present an invitation to Nijino-san.
In that case, there's only one thing to do.
In that case, we can push your welcome party to a later date.
In that case, what about another S4 member?
In that case, why don't we all go shopping this weekend?
In that case, why don't we push your welcome party to a later date.
In that case, why not rely on Koharu-chan?
In that case, why not stay as an idol until you find your next goal?
In that case, you just need to become that light.
In the end...
In the end, I couldn't figure out what I needed to beat Elza-san.
In the end, I think the most important thing is how Laura feels about it.
In the end, it was Elza-san and I who made it to the Final Stage.
In the end, Tsubasa pulled a comfortable victory.
In the Final Tournament, the original ranking no longer matters.
In the Final Tournament, your place in the original ranking no longer matters.
In the forbidden room, right?
In the light, the darkness, alone...
In the near future, you will save someone from a tight situation.
In the next scene, the protagonist hands out flyers before school to try and recruit band members.
In the next scene, what is the meaning of having me, the lead, covered in mud?
In the next scene, what is the meaning of this description of me, the lead, covered in mud?
In the palm of the hand you extend a cloudless sky above our heads Filled to the brim with earnest strength radiance I just can't find the right word to finish this.
In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads In the palm of the hand you extend,
In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou
In the past, I think you would've just accepted your loss to Hime-senpai as inevitable.
In the past, participants have shown off their best songs or dances.
In these Rainbow Berry Parfait dresses you designed.
- In the wake of a bitter defeat, remember that people can change.
In the West, octopuses are despised as the Devil's familiars.
In the world?
In third...
In third: Nijino Yume!
In this competition, the audience votes for the dancers they like, and the top ten make it to the finals.
In this dress I made with Koharu-chan, I'll share in the radiance with everyone!
In time, she lost the will to polish her own glimmer.
In times like these, I simply need to do a full scan of my mental database to find the answer.
In time you grew old enough to perform in dramas as a child actor.
Into a song that's mine, a song that I love!
Into my own song that I love to sing!
- Into the ground and into life - daichi e to inochi e to - Until the moment you are born - imada minu anata e to - Until the moment you are born - imada minu anata e to Teardrops fall from loneliness samishikute namida porori Teardrops fall from loneliness
Into the Holy Night!
Intriguing. I'm attracted to how she sees the world through a different lens.
Intriguing, isn't it?
Introducing Shirogane Lily-chan!
Introducing the first stage...
Intruder detected.
In two days, there'll be the bracket drawings and time for us to appeal to the viewers.
- In two days, there'll be the bracket drawings and time to appeal to the viewers.
- In two days, there'll be the drawing for our matchups and time to appeal to the viewers.
Investigations are best done on foot.
Investigator Ako.
Investigator Ako, change into the Exclusive Four Star Police Dress!
Investigator Ako, change into the Four Star Exclusive Police Dress!
Investigator Haruka's replacement was scheduled to be transferring in today.
Investigator Haruka's replacement was scheduled to transfer in today.
Investigators Yozora and Mahiru, question all of the guests.
Investigators Yozora and Mahiru will question all of the guests.
Investigator Tsubasa.
Investigator Tsubasa Investigator Yuzu Investigator Yozora Investigator Mahiru Investigator Ako Aikatsu Detectives!
Investigator Yuzu, comb the crime scene for any clues we may have overlooked.
"Invitation.
Inviting me?
In what way?
In your imagination?
In your very first summer there, you created a new legend when you were chosen for S4.
In your very first summer there, you gained legend status when you were chosen for S4.
I obtained the final Star Wings, Elza.
I offer my everything to this stage.
I offer this stage all I have.
I often lodged here when I was younger.
I once considered abandoning my dream to become an idol.
I once threw you overboard.
I only came to give a warning.
I only cared about the Sun Dress and how to be perfect, but what I've done to you in the process...
I only could because you cheered me on.
I only found it because you ran us out here.
I only have a single goal.
I only have eyes for Subaru-kyun...
I only have three days until the Fest. I need to perfect myself, and I can't falter now.
I only have three days until the Fest. I need to perfect myself, and there's no time to hesitate.
I only hope I can meet their expectations.
I only just found out about it myself.
I only just realized, but my eyes had always been chasing after you.
I only looked at Subaru-kyun's lines.
I only made it this far because my rival was here for me.
I only made it this far because you were here as my rival.
I only sold one ticket myself.
I only stated the truth.
I opposed it because I didn't want to be a bother.
- I order to prove I'm the brightest first-star in the world, my Aikatsu is about to be tested for real.
I originally wanted to surpass my sister...
I overslept a bit since the seagulls aren't here to wake me.
I owe it all to Koharu-chan.
I owe it to the girls who were able to convey my message.
I owe it to the girls who were able to convey my words.
I passed the Song Class audition, and everything seemed to be going my way.
I permiss it, Yuri.
I permit you to keep your own brand.
I picked these fruits in the forest.
I possess Venus, Lily has Pluto, Kirara has Mercury, Mahiru has Neptune, and Laura has Mars.
I pray that you will remain true to yourself in a new place...
I probably tried a bit too hard.
I promise!
I promise.
I promised I would do it, no matter what!
I promised myself I would do it, no matter what!
I promise I'll make it in time!
I promise I'll win!
I promise it will be a fine piece of work, so expect greatness.
I promise to make it a fine piece of work, so keep your expectations high.
- I promise we'll go to the zoo next time.
I pulled my old battle uniform out from the closet for the first time in years!
I put everything I had into it, of course.
I put that I wish to design a Premium Rare Dress!
i r a n a i k i m o c h i w o k u r e r u Yume-chan!
I reached this dress through meeting Aria-chan and overcoming the obstacles in my way.
I read the article about My Little Heart.
I realized it after all the time we spent together.
I realized that I had that strange power a little bit before I joined S4.
I really am, Koharu-chan.
I really appreciate it! Let's go together.
I really do love Aikatsu!
I really do love Hime-chan's Aikatsu most of all!
I really do love those two.
- I really feel like we've actually formed a unit now.
- I really feel like we've formed a unit now.
I really like it!
I really love how Ako-chan is kind at heart, but always says the opposite of what she thinks!
I really love you. I love you so much.
I really, really want you to come watch me at tomorrow's event.
I really, really want you to come watch me at tomorrow's Event.
I really respect how she can dance so fiercely with a smile on her face.
I really wanted to be in the Final Tournament!
I really want Laura to pass her audition.
I really want the lyrics to represent who I am...
I really want to see you dance!
I recall you wanting to expel her at one point.
I received a tip that it was in this area.
I received them from the staff, but I'm not really in the mood.
I recently spent a period of time studying design.
I recognize him. He's a famous actor who's been acting all his life.
I recognize him. He's been a famous actor all his life.
I recognize those voices!
I recommend the chocolate!
I recommend the chocolate topping!
I refuse.
I refuse...
I refuse. I have other things to do.
I refuse That aside, you're amazing, Laura! You earned the chance to stand on stage alongside Hime-senpai.
I refuse to allow it to end like this.
I refuse to let all your hard work go to waste!
I regret my own weakness for thinking I was worthless without it.
I remember.
I remembered something important.
- I remembered that something similar happened before.
I remember it every time I come here.
I rented out the whole pool, but I haven't swum at all!
I repeat: an intruder has been detected on board.
I repeat, Dancing Ninja.
I repeat: intruder detected.
I requested her assistance in watering the flowers. My apologies.
I request your assistance in looking for four-leaf clovers!
I resolved myself to walk the path of an idol as a model.
Iron it clean and flat.
Iruka Luka!
- I said for you to handle it.
I said I'm sorry, okay?
I said it, didn't I?
I said I was a representative of my team, but my times are the worst out of all of us.
I said I was sorry, okay?
I said nothing of holding your breath.
I said since the very beginning that I wanted to be muses with you.
I said such mean things.
I said thank you!
I said to stop calling me that!
I said to unhand me at once!
Is Aikatsu fun?
I, Sakuraba Laura, hereby accept the mantle of Spice Chord muse.
I, Saotome Ako, as someone who has received all of Tsubasa-senpai's theater teachings, vow to pass your skills on to the next generation!
I, Saotome Ako, vow to work until the day she recognizes me as a full-fledged detective!
I, Saotome Ako, will dazzle you with a fabulous performance!
Is a passionate dance battle!
Is autumn the season of reading?
I saw a glimmer.
I saw her show in Finland during my travels.
I saw her taiyaki audition!
I saw Koharu come early this morning to think up dress designs with Yume.
I saw my sister working in person and...
I saw one of her shows in Finland during my travels.
I saw something in the corner of my eye and had to check.
I saw that!
I saw that back when Yozora hosted it.
I saw that coming.
I saw you eavesdropping on us, you bad girl.
I saw you on Aikatsu TV!
I saw your designs.
I saw your performance today.
- I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Elza-sama is indeed incredible!
- I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Elza-sama, you were awesome like usual!
- I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Music Time was great!
- I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true She's amazing every time.
- I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello - I say hello Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true Forever dreams will come true That was a perfect performance.
I say no thank you to your pity!
I say that over and over, but what keeps me going is Yume.
is because?
Is because I use it to sing rock and roll, neow!
is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling jiyuu na kokoro de are!
I see.
I see...
I see. And that is how you determined that I was the prime candidate.
I see. And that is how you narrowed down your selection to me.
I see. Both you and that model came to really love Elza-san then.
I see. But I...
I see. But what about your brand?
I see, for Halloween.
I see. Good for you.
I see. Hanazono Kirara got a Star Premium Rare Coord.
I see. Have it your way.
I see. I have to say I feel the same.
I see. I'll call for a private jet to pick you up.
I see. I'm glad.
I see. I'm sorry for interrupting.
I see it really has been on your mind.
I see, it's Japanese.
I see. I understand your feelings well.
I see... I've been missing what Aria-chan has lately.
I seem to have lost my rockingest glasses and can't see very well.
I seem to recall you wanting to expel her at one point.
I seem to remember hearing something from the deck last night...
I see. Nijino Yume truly is...
I see... none of them are used to this sort of self-promotion.
I see now.
I see. Now I get it.
I see one!
I see. Please show us what kind of performance you can create after going your way.
I see. Please show us what kind of performance you've reached after going your way.
I see. Prepare accordingly, taking into account those who will bring a partner.
I see. Same as always.
I see, so that's what's troubling you.
I see, so you'll be out for a week.
I see. So your one-day career was as a train attendant.
I see. Thanks.
I see... Thank you.
I see. That is intriguing.
I see. That isn't unexpected.
I see. That must've been rough.
I see. That's deep!
I see. That's great!
I see. That's intriguing.
I see. Then I'll begin with...
I see. Then let's start with...
I see. Then whey don't we get a head start while we wait?
I see. Then whey don't we start working while we wait for her?
I see the party in your head rages on.
I see. The piano Koharu-chan heard must've been Hime-senpai!
I see. The same as always.
I see. This runs deep.
I see. Those are rather simple rules.
I see, those are very good reasons.
I see. Those feelings you harbor towards your dress will eventually awaken the sleeping lion inside you.
I see what's going on. So what now?
I see. You certainly are the younger sister of Yozora.
I see you intend to play your trump card at last, Hime Shiratori.
I see. You're using her as bait to capture your true prey, Hime.
I see your tongue is as sensitive as ever.
I see you've come across an enormous wall.
"I see. You've got it.
I see you've run headfirst into an enormous wall.
I see, you want to know about that strange power.
I see. Yume has the advantage here.
I sense possibility.
I sense potential.
is entirely up to you.
Is entirely up to you.
I separated myself from Yume and did so much more Aikatsu than her...
Is eternal!
Is everyone ready?
Is everyone ready? Here we go!
Is for each member to shine with their hearts as one.
is for Elza.
is gonna be hot!
Is gonna be hot!
I shall not... be aroused!
I shall not... be excited!
I shall not lose!
I shall slice through the darkness with my blade and break through the storm!
I shall slice through the storm with my blade...
I shan't complain.
I shan't lose either!
Is he a bat?
I, Shirogane Lily, have rushed here to stand as Nikaidou Yuzu's partner.
I should be able to cover it up with my movements.
I should be able to obscure it with my movements.
I should be leaving now.
I should be the one saying that, Akari-chan.
I should exercise this energy away.
I should get going soon.
I should have, as a fan of Subaru-kyun, known how my own fans feel better than anyone else.
I shouldn't be surprised.
I should probably be heading back now.
I should start by collecting things I like.
I should start by gathering a bunch of things I like.
I should start getting ready for the play.
I should still have just enough time to prepare the party.
I should thank them for their support, and then write about my aspirations...
I should've been more considerate of the things you hold dear.
I show you what an unforgettable performance looks like.
I simply can't believe it...
I simply love flowers and nature.
I simply provided guidance as I always do.
I simply stated the truth.
I simply thought you were putting it to waste. Good day.
I simply thought you were putting them to waste. Good day.
I simply wish for idols to constantly be aiming for greater heights.
I simply wish that idols constantly aim for greater heights.
I sincerely apologize for my absence today.
I sincerely want Laura to pass her audition.
I sincerely want to enjoy my Aikatsu.
Is it?
Is it because of her power?
Is it because of that power?
Is it because of the power Yume-chan holds? Because she's special?
Is it even possible to hold there?
Is it fake?
Is it her drive for the S that has pushed her focus to unseen levels?!
Is it like switching yourself off?
- Is it like turning off your switch?
- Is it like turning yourself off?
Is it my own fault I'm not shining?
Is it not readily apparent?
Is it not the same for you?
Is it okay if I sing a song for you before Hanazono Kirara-chan has her turn?
Is it possible to prepare any more?
Is it really?
Is it really around here?
Is it really impossible for me?
Is it really that bad, your vegetable juice?
Is it still picking at you?
Is it that big a deal?
Is it to your liking?
Is it true that I can make a special dress that's mine alone if I use this Glitter?
Is it true that I can make a special dress unique to me if I use this Glitter?
Is it true that you plan to quit being an idol?
Is it true that you plan to quit being an idol if you win?
Is it true that you receive a large amount of Valentine's chocolate?
Is it well known?
Is it well-known?
Is it wrong just to want to have fun?
Is it wrong to just want to have fun?
is just as lovely as the last.
Is Kirara being praised?
Is me?
Is my old student Anna still rocking like she means it?
Is Nijino Yume!
is now an obstacle you need to clear.
Isn't Caroline just the cutest little thing?
Isn't doing Aikatsu for your fans fun?
Isn't Four Star the school with S4?
Isn't he the Beauty Class teacher?
Isn't it?
Isn't it as adorable as a mischievous cat?
Isn't it beautiful the way they glimmer?
Isn't it because of your family's confectionery shop?
Isn't it better to have strong rivals?
Isn't it bright?
Isn't it common sense?
Isn't it cool how they're like American comic heroes?
Isn't it cute like a mischievous cat?
Isn't it fine? Tonight is Tanabata.
Isn't it fun being a double muse?
Isn't it great?
Isn't it hard?
Isn't it intriguing?
Isn't it mysterious?
Isn't it painful?
Isn't it splendid there are so many things to like in this world?
Isn't it unbelievable?
Isn't it? Yume-chan, what are you in the mood for?
Isn't Kanata-kun somehow really alluring?
Isn't Koukadou that famous Japanese confectionery company?
Isn't Music Time a super famous music show in America?
Isn't she...
- Isn't she identical to Yuri-senpai?
- Isn't she just like Yuri-senpai?
Isn't she like Yuri-senpai's twin sister?
Isn't that?
Isn't that...
Isn't that a good thing?
Isn't that all the more reason?
Isn't that Anna-sensei?
Isn't that a script for "Rise of a CA"?
Isn't that basically cannibalism for you?
Isn't that exactly why?
Isn't that good enough?
Isn't that great?
Isn't that great, Mahiru-chan?
Isn't that great? We tied.
Isn't that headhunting?
Isn't that it?
Isn't that just a stage prop?
Isn't that obvious?
Isn't that obvious? I'm gonna make it into US4!
Isn't that right?
Isn't that right, Naho-san?
Isn't that right, Nee-san?
Isn't that right, President?!
Isn't that Tamagorou-sensei?
Isn't that the idea?
Isn't that their best quality?
Isn't that the most important thing?
Isn't that the reason you lost?
- Isn't that the show that gets 30 viewer ratings every week? That's amazing!
- Isn't that the show with viewer ratings of 30% each week? That's amazing!
Isn't that the Sun Dress?
Isn't that what you decided to do?
Isn't that why we all strive to make it?
Isn't that why we're holding this pity party?
Isn't that why you invited us all to Venus Ark?
Isn't that Yume-chan?
Isn't the bar set too high?
Isn't the important thing not about whether you can pass, but what you want to accomplish?
Isn't there anything we can do?
Isn't there anything we can do to help you feel better? Some kind of medicine?
Isn't there something you want to tell her?
Isn't this...
Isn't this a good thing? This job is a chance for you to show them what you're made of.
Isn't this a good thing? You got the chance to show what you're made of with this important work.
Isn't this exciting, Kame-san?
Isn't this getting further further away?
Isn't this great, Koharu-chan?
Isn't this great, Laura?
I sold just one ticket for my first live.
I sold three tickets!
Is our crowd thinning?
I spent years infiltrating the Shiratori estate to finally snatch the Princess Diamond.
- I spent years infiltrating the Shiratori estate to get my hands on the Princess Diamond.
I spoke with Anna-sensei about it and we decided to go ahead.
I spoke with Anna-sensei about it and we decided to go ahead with this song.
I spoke with Nii-san, and he said M4 was expanding into the rest of Asia.
I spoke with Nii-san, and he said that M4's tackling the rest of Asia.
I spoke with Nijino Yume.
I spotted it!
I spread it around so nobody would come!
Is President Koumoto available?
is said to be an oath to oneself.
Is she alone? What about the others?
Is she going to be okay?
Is she okay?
Is she really coming off a break?
Is she really coming off a gap?
Is she really showing her love?
Is she still holed up in her room?
Is she still stuck in her room?
Is she up?
Is she your attendant?
Is Shirogane Lily here?
Issho ni ikou yo Let's set off together - saa se no!
Issho ni ikou yo Let's set off together saa se no!
Is something going on?
Is something happening?
Is something in here?
Is something the matter?
Is something wrong?
I started my Aikatsu after having been influenced by my beloved senpai.
I started my Aikatsu after I was inspired by my cherished senpai.
I started to rely on that power at some point.
I stepped up to be the guiding star of Four Star Academy.
Is that...
Is that a complement?
Is that a crying girl I spy?
Is that a friend?
Is that Aikatsu Style Girls?
Is that allowed?
Is that all right?
Is that all the strength you can muster?!
Is that a no?
Is that a problem?
Is that a proverb?
Is that a yukata?
Is that CG?
Is that Elza person going to steal you?
Is that enough for you?
Is that everything you've got?
Is that for Sakuraba?
Is that her ability?
Is that her talent?
- Is that it? That candy motif is fantastic!
Is that just how it is?
Is that kind of fight possible?!
is that only talented people get in them!
Is that only talented people get in them!
Is that really enough to make you happy?
Is that really what you want?
Is that right?
- Is that something that someone who bawled her eyes out after Yume won should say?
- Is that something you should say after bawling your eyes out after Yume won?
Is that something you should say after bawling your eyes out when Yume won?
Is that so? Then do please sit yourselves thereabouts.
Is that spinach?
Is that strange?
Is that supposed to be Cinderella?
Is that supposed to taste good?
Is that the truth?
Is that troubling you?
Is that true?
Is that true?!
Is that truly what you wish for?
Is that what I think it is?
Is that why you chose to skip the Fest?
Is that why you intended to skip the Fest?
Is that why you've been gathering skilled idols with the potential to gain Star Premium Rare Dresses?
Is the purpose of your Aikatsu to defeat someone?
- Is there anything particularly good about being in S4?
Is there anything we could do to help you?
Is there any way we can make it work?
- Is there a particular reason you chose to make it an open air stage in the park?
Is there a reason behind it?
Is there a secret to making them?
Is there a spare?
Is there a specific reason you're so competitive?
Is the release date set yet?
Is there no way around holding a combined event with Venus Ark?
Is there really?
Is there really nothing we can do to help you for the Final Stage?
Is there some reason you don't want to lose to her?
Is there some special method you use to think so positively?
Is there something on your mind?
Is there something you don't like?
Is this a deserted island?!
Is this a dressing room?
Is this all I'll be doing one day before the show?
Is this a Star Premium Rare Coord?
Is this a Star Premium Rare Coord.
Is this from when we opened the shop?
Is this going to be all right?
Is this guy a detective?
Is this it?
Is this KirakiLine?
Is this my homeland?
- Is this not the perfect opportunity for you to face your difficulties head-on?
Is this not the perfect opportunity for you to face your present difficulties head-on?
Is this part of your plan to embarrass me even further?!
Is this person or thing really somewhere on campus?
Is this real?
Is this really good enough?
Is this right?
Is this the extent of your feelings?!
Is this the power dresses can have?
Is this the power that dresses can have?
Is this what you're looking for?
Is this what you wanted to show me?
Is this where you're living?
Is this your place?
I stick to my word. Get ready to see the best performances I can put on!
I still can't believe it.
I still can't see where I'm going!
I still feel it vividly.
I still have a long way to go.
I still have a long way to go before I can reach my sister.
I still have yet to fulfill it.
I still remember how badly I messed up when you went away.
is to become the first star!
Is to become the first-star!
Is to sing rock and roll all the better with, neow!
I strove to become the guiding star of Four Star Academy.
I studied all I could about beauty and trained until I collapsed.
I studied as much about beauty as possible, and trained until I finally collapsed.
I succeeded you in Beauty Class's S4 and inherited Romance Kiss, and I've been trying my best...
I succeeded you in S4 and inherited Romance Kiss, and I've been trying my best...
I super wanna know what happened!
I suppose Beauty Class will be led by Mahiru-chan?
I suppose I can congratulate you for now.
I suppose I can't withdraw now.
I suppose if you insist.
I suppose I'll hand out today's word of advice now.
I suppose I'm not exception either.
I suppose I'm not exempted either.
I suppose I must.
I suppose I must concede.
I suppose in my case...
I suppose Kasumi Yozora has the slightest advantage due to her experience.
I suppose so.
I suppose that pairing curry and ice really isn't...
I suppose this is proof of their long friendship.
I suppose this is the greatest proof of their long friendship.
I suppose we'll just have to take the candy as proof of our conquest.
I suppose we should call the training a success considering it's at least edible.
I suppose you could call that an acceptable conclusion.
I suppose you could call that an acceptable result.
I suppose you're right.
I suppose you should just be yourself, Yume-chan.
I sure hope Yume and Lily-senpai win.
I sure would love to meet a world-renowned idol!
I surprised Lilienne!
I suspect you two are the same.
I swear.
I swear... I'll become a CA!
I swear... I'll become a flight attendant!
I swear I'll create us the perfect dresses.
I swear I'll make it in!
I swear, I swear...
I swear I will make it to the end.
I swear I won't lose!
I swear on the pride of Theater Class and S4!
I swore that I'd beat her next time.
- I swore to make it since before I came here.
is you.
Is you.
Is your Rainbow Confectionery the Rainbow Confectionery?
It!
It absolutely, positively must be!
i t a c h i a e r u k i s e k i B e h i n d e v e r y p a g e I t u r n l i e s a f e e l i n g I v
i t a c h i a e r u k i s e k i I t s a m i r a c l e w e c a n b e a r w i t n e s s t o t h i s o
I take it that you're here to use Dress Make?
I take pride in my work.
I take thee at thy word.
I take those words to heart, but what keeps me walking along is Yume.
It all begins as a single drop.
It all begins here!
It all depends on the wearer to draw out its unlimited reserves of radiance.
It allowed me to renew my vows while gazing up at the stars.
It allows for viewers to vote on who they would like to see as guests.
It almost felt like no one was ever allowed near her.
It almost made me think I could never catch you.
It also has other names such as "devil's dung".
It also matches my brand, Rainbow Berry Parfait, which is built around the concept of bringing people together to sparkle.
It always makes me happy and feel like I'm having fun.
Italy, huh...
It appears I have no choice. Moving on...
It appears I misjudged you.
It appears I must concede.
It appears I've given you all a heavy burden.
It appears she has injured her leg, so I will accompany her to the hospital.
It appears that Nijino-san spent the entire prep time for the self-promotion supporting the other entrants.
It appears that some sort of special phenomenon occurred last time.
It appears that there was quite the gap between today and her previous performance.
It appears that they will take the stage together, and fan votes will decide the result.
It appears their clash has only served to strengthen their friendship.
It appears to be a reserved seat.
It appears to me that you already have your answer.
It astounded me.
It awakens mezameteku It awakens mezameteku And I listen to my heart haato ga eranda And I listen to my heart haato ga eranda As it points to my new style atarashii my style As it points to my new style atarashii my style The moment I finally find what it means to be me
It began with a moment of fate.
It begins with dancing, acting, and a fashion show.
It bothers me if I don't crack the shell perfectly.
It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou And with that said...
It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Just because you barely managed to get here in
It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou You're the best, Mahiru-neesan!
It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Yozora... do you think I can shine too?
It brings out your brilliance.
It brought back memories. I was eating Hāngī food back then too.
It brought me to tears!
It came chasing after us!
It came out.
It came out so cute on my first try, I might just be a prodigy!
It came to me when I saw your smile.
It came to me while listening to everyone's feelings.
It can only be her!
It can't be!
It can't be...
It can't be anything but love!
It can't be helped. Let's check out another place.
It can't be helped. Let's try a different store.
It can't be... Tsubasa-senpai?
It captivated her.
It cast a cloud over my heart...
It certainly helped that we wore matching Shiny Smile coords.
It certainly is.
It contains the brand's red rose motif as well as gold embroidery and jewels.
it contracted with another idol...
It conveys how extraordinary Gothic Victoria is to such a large audience.
It could be fun to make a big splash!
It could be fun to make a huge splash!
It could be managing a beach hut or lifeguarding a pool!
It could be real!
It could be that your lack of confidence is holding you back.
It couldn't be!
It couldn't be.
It creates a heavenly harmony with the sourness of the berries!
It'd be a waste to miss!
It'd be super lucky if we find one though!
It'd be this.
It definitely feels like each brand's subtleties enhance the idol's charms.
It did!
It didn't really look like you anyway.
It does!
It does?
It doesn't look like they're doing anything particularly different.
It doesn't matter how good you can shout if your cleaning ain't worth a dime!
It doesn't matter how good you can shout if your cleaning isn't worth a dime!
It doesn't matter how many people come.
It doesn't matter how many people show up.
It doesn't matter what happens to me if I can do that!
It doesn't matter whether they're friends or sisters— there will be a loser. That's how the world of pros works.
It doesn't matter who stands in our way.
It doesn't really feel like home to me.
It doesn't really mean anything!
- It doesn't seem as though I'll be able to ride the same boat as you.
- It doesn't seem as though I'll be able to sail in your boat.
It doesn't seem as though I'll be able to sail the same boat as you.
It doesn't seem like they'll be easy to answer.
It doesn't sound like an ordinary mirror.
It doesn't sound like she's going to stop any time soon.
It does sound like something we can get ready in time.
It does sound like we should be able to make something of that in time.
It does. The weeks it takes to finish even a single dress can be exhausting.
It'd say it's about time.
ite fukitobashite kureru no You're always there by my side ready to blow away those clouds - hitori ja nagasugiru michi mo oshaberi de atto iuma - The road may seem endless by myself but after a chat we're already there - hitori ja nagasugiru michi mo oshaberi de atto iuma - The road may seem endless by myself but after a chat we're already there
item sent by the brands themselves to those they see fit for use in brand dresses.
It ended!
- It ended up as a wonderful production.
It falls upon the wearer to draw out its unlimited reserves of radiance.
It feels as though you're forcing it somehow.
It feels good!
It feels great to get up early!
It feels like a decadent respite.
It feels like Aikatsu's become way more fun ever since I met Ako-chan!
It feels like all my angst never even happened.
It feels like all that angst never even happened.
It feels like a new age of Aikatsu has begun, and I can't contain my excitement!
It feels like everyone left me behind.
It feels like everything's wrapped up.
It feels like I could fly to the skies!
It feels like I'm already an idol!
It feels like I'm looking at my younger self.
It feels like it's been forever since I saw Yume-chan and Laura-chan together!
It feels like I've gotten left behind.
It feels like my design is a fish swimming deep below the ocean's surface.
It feels like my design is a fish swimming deep below the ocean surface.
It feels like my heart has been calmed too.
It feels like my heart is breaking.
It feels like my heart is in my throat!
It feels like paradise...
It feels like S4 is pulling out all the stops in preparation for graduation.
It feels like we're a lot busier than yesterday.
It feels like we start shining too!
It feels more like a performance than plain old kanji studying!
It feels somewhat strange to be heading to the studio together.
It felt as if I were singing in Finland.
It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped ano toki, jikan ga tomatte ano toki, jikan ga tomatte We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa futari wa tashika ni otagai wo mitsuketa
It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped It felt as if time had stopped
- It felt like she was forcing herself somehow.
It felt like there was some sort of power pushing me beyond my abilities.
It felt like there was so much more I could be.
It felt like you were actually dating.
It felt very sharp, almost as if it were a knife.
It fits perfectly.
It fits right along with our shop's image.
It fits you and your confectionery shop.
It gave me my best show ever!
It gets broadcast nationwide, so this is your big chance!
It gets me going!
It gets me going. Backstage work is educational in its own way.
It gets me going to be in a pair with you.
It goes on to say that Hime-senpai is passing her brand on to a successor.
It goes without saying they're looking for impact.
It had an impressive lineup of idol performances.
I thank you sincerely, Yuzu.
It happened at the time of my earliest memories.
It happened back during the time of my earliest memories.
It happened because we worked together.
It happened just after I enrolled at Four Star.
It happened just after the school year began at Four Star.
It happens to us as well.
It has a delicate design, but is pleasant to the eye. It's quite lovely.
It has a dignity that provokes an image of the Middle Ages, and is accented with blue roses.
It has a pleasant scent.
It has a princessly air.
It has a skirt with tropical hues and is decked liberally with flowers.
It has a tropical colored skirt and is designed with an abundant arrangement of colorful flowers.
It has become an unforgettable memory.
It hasn't come in quite a while.
It hasn't come to me since.
It hasn't looked like she's gotten enough rest recently.
It has to be surprising enough to influence everyone.
It has to be surprising enough to leave an impression.
It heats you throughout your body.
I think Ako-chan took it really hard.
I think Ako-chan took it really hard though.
I think any color you like will be the cutest.
I think any color you like will end up cute.
I think a real-life example might get through to them better than just words.
- I think a real-life example might get through to them better than simple words.
I think blue roses would be perfect because they match her dress.
I think I found the answer I've been stressing out about.
I think I heard she's in some election.
I think I just saw lightning strike behind Tsubasa-senpai.
I think I'll be able to do it now.
I think I'll be able to make this a splendid song thanks to you girls!
I think I'll go with this one.
I think I remember this road.
I think I remember you saying your parents are always really busy.
I think I remember you saying your parents were always really busy.
I think it got scared and ran off.
I think it is the ultimate pop dress, if I do say so myself!
I think it'll be Yozora-senpai.
I think it's just a rumor.
I think it's something you just have to experience for yourself.
I think it's the perfect song for your Aikatsu Budokan show.
I think it suits you perfectly!
I think it turned out to be quite the fun show.
I think I turn my feelings of frustration into the power to move forward.
I think it was back in my first year.
I think it would be enjoyable for visitors to see how Christmas is celebrated in different countries.
I think it would be really enjoyable for visitors to see how Christmas is celebrated in different countries.
I think I understand now, somehow.
I think I understand what love is a bit better.
I think I understand why.
I think I would've done the same thing you did.
I think MUSIC of DREAM!!! would be perfect.
I think MUSIC of DREAM!!! would be perfect for the Final Stage.
I think not.
I think red would look great on you.
I think so.
I think so too.
I think so too. The S4 Selection is right around the corner, so we can't keep acting like rookies.
I think that'll take care of itself.
I think that's a bit off.
I think that's a bit too much.
I think that's our signal to head out.
I think that's pretty close.
I think that the time we spend apart isn't time wasted.
I think that we can make FuwaFuwa Dream a lovely brand together, Ako-chan.
- I think that when we spend time apart, that time isn't wasted.
I think the kids would be able to appreciate that more.
I think the past you would've just accepted your loss to Hime-senpai as inevitable.
- I think the time we spend apart wasn't wasted.
I think they're known for bringing good fortune.
I think this is just about everything I wanted.
I think we all are.
I think we can attest it to my special Ako teru teru girls.
I think we'll probably be able to put up an announcement for this during the info segment.
I think we're more ready for the test than before.
I think we've hit up most of the spots by now.
I think what you need is some sweets energy, Yume-chan.
I think you meant to say lion.
I think you missed the point.
I think you're perfect to take on Spice Chord.
I think you're walking a bit fast.
I think you're walking a bit too fast.
I think you should answer that yourself first.
I think you should be the one to answer that first.
I think you should do it. Everyone has their own way of shining.
I think you should try wearing chocolate-colored tights to accent your coord.
I think you've practiced it plenty.
I think you were Mahiru's friend.
I thought Aikatsu was supposed to be more brilliant.
I thought Aikatsu was supposed to be more sparkly.
I thought I threw that away...
I thought it was only Hime Shiratori, but Four Star Academy might just be hiding other promising idols like Yume and Laura.
I thought I understood...
I thought I wanted to be like Hime-senpai after seeing her sing on stage.
I thought my heart would stop!
I thought so.
I thought so too, so I've been working really hard since I left Japan!
I thought that baking her a cake would make her happy, and then it'd be easier to say sorry.
I thought that I couldn't be with her, and did so much more Aikatsu than her...
I thought that was all I wanted.
- I thought the same thing.
I thought we'd be able to play like we used to.
I thought you'd be more on edge about who'd get the CD debut.
I thought you'd be more on edge about who'll get the CD debut.
I thought you loved rock music too...
I thought you might have been sad and alone deep in the forest.
I thought your performance was just lovely.
- I thought you would be coming soon.
It hurts...
It hurts, but I have to admit it.
It inspired me to want to unlock the next level of that power.
It is!
It is.
It is a dress's duty to draw out the apex of our brilliance.
It is a famous line from a well-known story.
It is a home party that we hold regularly.
It is a home party that we periodically organize.
- It is a new take on the Chinese dress that makes use of bright colors and a unique ruffle cut.
It is a precious memory of mine.
It is as a certain artist once said: "One's worst enemy is oneself." While we are our own demons, we are also the ones to call fortune to ourselves.
It is as Goethe said: "One does not travel in order to arrive, but for the sake of the journey itself." Lily-senpai and Yuzu-senpai?
It is as if a single flower blooming proudly in the midst of a snowfield.
It is as the famous theater practitioner, Stanislavski, once said...
It is at Elza-sama's orders.
It is a way of life.
It is "bean throwing".
It is both a symbol of your friendship and an emblem of your efforts.
It is by Elza-sama's orders.
It is called...
It is going to be good?
It is imperative to protect traditions.
It is important to uphold tradition.
It is just as I said yesterday...
It is most certainly not fine.
It is my honor to be here.
It is my pleasure.
It is my understanding that Japan's festivities are rather shallow.
It is not yet complete.
It is one of my precious memories.
It is only with sufficient time to polish that they so beautifully shine in the eyes of others.
It is only with time to polish that they shine brilliantly in the eyes of people.
It is our duty to illuminate our students' paths when they find them too dark to follow.
- It is our duty to illuminate our students' path when they find it too dark to follow.
- It is our duty to illuminate their path if they find it too dark to follow.
It is our exclusive label for the idols of Four Star Academy.
It is quite the rare flower.
It is said that playing music for plans relieves their stress and helps them to grow.
It is said that playing music for plants relieves their stress and helps them grow.
It is said that the Sun Dress will only appear once all nine Star Wings have gathered.
It is said that with age comes wisdom.
It is the exclusive label of Four Star Academy, covering our idols only.
It is the Kirara-colored gleam that only your Hanazono Kirara gemstone can produce.
It is the life I live.
It is the quintessential martial art!
- It is the same with the Aikatsu Ranking.
It is the season of Fall Fest.
It is the ultimate power to outshine all other light.
It is the very definition of indomitable!
It is time for the final battle, held between the two highest-ranking classes so far.
It is time for tonight's main event at last, the Christmas song!
It is time for your appointment with the Countess.
It is time to announce the results of the Jewel Ice Cream event audition.
It is time to fulfill my promise with Yuzu.
It is time to head off.
It is time to open the S4 Selection for Beauty Class!
It is time to set off for the Suzukaze Plateau.
It is too dangerous!
It is true, only the chosen ones are permitted to don a Star Premium Rare Coord.
It is truly perfect!
It is under Elza-sama's orders.
It is vegetable habit-forming month.
It is what brings passion, happiness, and joy to people.
It is! You even went to the matriculation alone with Koharu-chan.
It just goes to show how far you can get if you keep up your Aikatsu!
It just goes to show how much attention Lily-senpai is gettting.
It just popped into my head!
- It kinda felt like she was forcing it a little too much.
It leads us to our wonderland The world is moving today as well Make our hearts as one and let our song be heard What made me happiest isn't the fact that we won our battle.
It'll be a battle without honor or humanity!
It'll be all right.
It'll be Bring-Kirara-to-Work Day!
It'll be broadcast here.
- It'll be decided based on what we do this week, huh.
It'll be given by our Venus Ark collaborators.
It'll be okay. We're planning to end it with a big party all together, so that's when we can open the grab-bag plan.
It'll be the same day as S4's, so there's no telling how many people will actually come.
It'll be the same day as S4's, so there's no telling if people will actually come.
It'll be tough for the rest of us.
It'll feel lonely?
It'll help your stamina.
It'll rain.
It'll work out.
It looked like their glasses were glued to the tray.
It looked like this.
It looked like you were having lots of fun, and I wanted to join in!
It looks delicious!
It looks deserted.
It looks incredible!
It looks just as bad as mine, but the flavors bounce around my tongue.
It looks like a bird in flight!
It looks like a challenge from the Shadow Stars.
It looks like a dressing room.
It looks like Aria-chan found it.
It looks like Arisa-senpai is calling to fill us in on Ako-chan.
- It looks like Arisa-senpai is calling us to commentate on Ako-chan.
- It looks like Arisa-senpai is calling us to fill us in on Ako-chan.
It looks like everyone's having fun.
It looks like everyone's ready.
It looks like fun!
It looks like he came to like Caroline as well.
It looks like I'll have to put in more effort too!
It looks like I made you worry.
It looks like Mahiru's the only one carrying a bag.
It looks like Nijino Yume-san is on her way there.
It looks like S4 will play the main band members.
It looks like she really likes you!
It looks like the competition is spilling into the stands!
It looks like the new S4 is going to be just as fun and exciting as the last.
It looks like the Shiratori team's plan worked out.
It looks like they're leaving to record for a music show.
It looks like this.
It looks like we have more foreign fans now.
It looks like we made more foreign fans.
It looks like you're missing one member.
It looks like you're really flying.
It looks like you were working hard until late, but don't push yourself too much.
It looks something like a dressing room.
It looks very fun!
It looks wonderful on you, Yume-chan.
It looks yummy!
It made me very happy!
It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything
It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything shoubu wa kore kara The real challenge starts now
It makes me happy just looking at you.
- It makes me happy just to look at you.
It makes me very happy for all four of us to sing together!
It makes me very happy to be able to sing with the four of us!
It makes me want to grow as an idol myself!
It makes me want to just fly off somewhere.
It makes me want to work even harder!
It makes my sixth sense start to tingle dairokkan kusugucchau yo It makes my sixth sense start to tingle dairokkan kusugucchau yo - I'm so happy - ureshikute - I'm so happy - ureshikute You've gotta wear bubbling fashion and skip in heels!
It makes Onee-chan so happy to be with Mahiru!
It marked the beginning of the all-out sprint to the Final Tournament.
It matches the color of your hair.
It may.
It may also be said as an oath to oneself.
- It may be cute, but I'd like it to have a more impact.
- It may be cute, but I'd like it to have a more powerful impact.
It may be cute, but I'd like it to have more impact.
It may be obvious when you're modeling, but there's a proper posture for singing too.
It may be that you lack belief in yourself.
It may not be candy, but I do have gum.
It may still be cold outside, but we'd like you to feel the warmth of spring through this song.
It means exactly what I said.
It means I'll be doing things my own way.
It means I'll be doing things my way.
It means I'll be taking my own path.
It means that formidable rivals are able to hone one another's skills to reach greater heights.
It means that one who is overly talented may find that their talent is what sinks them in the end.
It means that one who is overly talented may find themselves dragged by it to failure.
It means to utterly lose oneself in pursuit of a goal.
It means we're on break.
It might be chocolate from Finland.
It might be interesting to do some research on past S4 members.
It might be strange for me to say this since I left halfway through, but your Aikatsu are just as good as what they do at Venus Ark!
It might be too difficult to make this show.
It might just be chocolate from Finland.
It must be...
It must be awesome having your own CD.
It must be pretty tough, though.
It must be some sort of joke, closing down Venus Ark.
It must be some sort of joke that she's closing Venus Ark.
It must be something awful!
It must be somewhere only Yuzu-senpai would go.
It must be the result of her mountain retreat!
It must first and foremost delight oneself.
It must have been your luck that brought about this miraculous development.
It must have taken many years to grow this large.
It must have taken years for them to grow this tall.
It obscures my sight as the storm obstructs my path.
I told Hikaru as soon as I heard that Shiratori-san had that power.
- I told not to worry about it.
I told you about that part already.
I told you I devoted everything to this.
I told you I've devoted everything I have.
I told you not to worry about it.
I told you that an idol doesn't need to do anything besides act like one.
I told you that wasn't necessary...
- I told you to handle it yourself.
I told you to handle it yourself.
I told you to stop calling me that!
I took a quick trip home.
I took hints from everything we studied before.
I took the coolness of Laura's Spice Chord, mixed it with the cuteness of Kirara-chan's FuwaFuwa Dream, and topped it all off with Berry Parfait!
I, too, wish to bear them.
I tossed you ashore. Don't you resent me?
It pains me to do this, but those are the rules.
It pains my heart to break our promise.
It perfectly describes Elza-san.
I trained my heart out.
It reads that a miracle will suddenly occur in an unexpected place.
It really hurts.
It really is.
It really is all about having fun!
It really is great to have a goal.
It really is heavy...
It really is Koharu-chan!
It really was hectic.
I treasure each and every one of you.
It refers to an environment with permafrost that stays frozen year round.
It refers to a region with a layer of permafrost that stays frozen year round.
It reminds me of back then.
It reminds me of that audition.
It requires renewed determination.
It rests on your shoulders now, Nanakura Koharu-kun!
I tried all sorts of new things and made discoveries each time.
I tried to stop them too.
I tried to think of rain in a positive way.
I truly believe that.
I truly thank you.
I truly thank you, Yuzu.
I trust in the students of my academy.
It's...
It's a bird!
It's a bird.
It's a bit crazy to think about.
- It's a bit different than before.
It's a bit early, but let's celebrate!
It's a bit naive, but very true to yourself.
It's a bit naïve, but very true to yourself.
It's a bit premature to call her a candidate at this point, but I have my eye on Saotome Ako in her first year.
It's a bit premature to call her a candidate at this point, but my eye is on the first-year Saotome Ako.
It's a bit project where the winner gets her own personal brand!
It's about Halloween!
It's about Producer Sashida from Four Star Label.
It's about the direction we should take Venus Ark after this.
It's about time.
It's about time for a snack.
It's about time for the show to start.
It's about time. Let's go.
It's about time to begin.
It's about time you showed up.
It's about to air.
It's about to be aired.
It's about to leave!
It's about to start without us!
It's about what direction we should take Venus Ark in after this.
It's about who's the best...
It's a calendar full of Shirogane Lily's proverbs!
It's a chance for you to get some exposure.
It's a charming place.
It's a comforting, pure sound.
- It's a competition that every dancer, from amateur to pro, wants to compete in.
It's a competition. When one person wins, another loses.
It's a completely new exercise.
It's a coord full of different animal motifs!
It's a coordinate sandwich!
It's a cough drop.
It's a day you'll never forget!
It's addressed to you, Yume.
It's a declaration of war on Four Star Academy!
It's a declaration of war on our Four Star Academy!
It's a dreamlike gathering of popular idols!
It's a dress just for you.
It's a dress made to make people smile!
It's a family!
It's a farm!
It's a full house.
It's a giant octopus!
It's a good chance to repay Lily-senpai for all she's done.
It's a hedgehog plush!
It's a Hime special, a honey ginger drink.
It's a huge chance for me to be on a nationwide broadcast.
It said you were the one who invited Futaba Aria-chan to Japan.
It's Aikatsu at Venus Ark.
It's a koala!
It's a koala cotton candy. The best part are all the different colors.
It's Ako-chan!
It's a legendary event held once every four years.
It's a limited express train to celebrate Laura-chan's departure!
It's a little different from before.
- It's a little different now.
It's all about having fun!
It's all about the sweets.
It's all amazing!
It's all frilly like a princess dress!
It's all over.
It's all shining through.
It's all so that I can surpass you!
It's all thanks to our tutors.
It's all thanks to you.
It's all thanks to you and all you've done for me.
It's all thanks to your masterful instruction, Yuzu-senpai.
It's all up to your feelings.
It's all very fun!
It's all well and good that my desire to join S4 and start a brand got fulfilled, but I'm not good enough to make full use of it.
It's almost as if the Aikatsu System chose us.
It's almost as if the Aikatsu System itself chose us.
It's almost like she's avoiding her sister.
- It's almost like she's got this power beyond her abilities.
It's almost my turn.
It's almost Tanabata!
It's almost the rehearsal, step on it!
It's almost time!
It's almost time.
It's almost time for my show with Yume-chan!
It's almost time for the party's main event, Elza's performance.
It's almost time for the party's main event, Elza's performance, to start.
It's almost time for the school festival!
It's almost time to start.
It's almost time to start, too.
It's a lot later than I'd hoped.
It's a lot to shoulder, really.
It's already been a year.
It's already begun!
It's already so great, but she's not satisfied enough to call it complete?
It's already this late!
It's already this late.
It's also probably why you got so upset with Rei-san that one time.
It's always been like this.
It's a matcha chestnut roll cake.
It's... a matter of my feelings.
It's amazing!
It's amazing! Seriously... congratulations.
It's amazing she's going to represent Dance Class in S4 two years running.
It's amazing that you got the most votes in the first round!
It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together
It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou
It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our
It's a miracle word that makes you braver!
It's a miss.
It's a mountain of greens!
It's a mountain. Where did it come from?
It's a mysterious creature!
It's a mystery.
It's an Aikatsu News Flash.
It's an audition notification.
It's an emergency!
It's an event where we've turned an entire island in the south into an idol theme park!
- It's an event with pros in it that every dancer dreams of competing in.
It's an event with pros participating that every dancer dreams of competing in.
It's a new ice cream company that was just founded this spring.
It's a new take on the Chinese dress that makes use of bright colors and a unique ruffle cut.
It's an extremely difficult dance, so unless I really focus, even I fail at it once every three times.
It's an honor to be able to sing before you doday.
It's an honor to be here!
It's an honor to be personally invited to join Tsubasa-senpai on stage.
It's an honor to be put on the same level as her.
It's an honor to receive such words from you.
It's an ice cream company that was just founded this spring.
It's an idol school on a boat?!
It's an idol's duty to draw out the best of her dresses atop the stage!
- It's an important position of leading each class over the following year.
It's an S!
It's an S envelope, Mahiru-chan!
It's an unbelievable event where we've rented an entire southern island to become an idol theme park!
It's an uplifting song, so I want to have fun with it.
It's a phrase that Anne says which comes to mind whenever I sing.
It's a piece of cake! I've been wanting to perform with Laura again for a long time.
It's a piece of cake! I've been wanting to perform with Laura again for a while.
It's a plan!
It's a plane!
- It's a pleasure to meet you!
It's a pleasure to meet you.
It's a pleasure to meet you! My name is Nijino Yume, and I'm from Four Star Academy.
It's a pop dress overflowing with playfulness.
It's a pretty tough script we had.
It's a promise!
It's a promise, Laura.
It's a real sheep!
It's a school rock band story.
It's a school tradition to fell a fir with an axe for our Christmas tree...
It's a secret ingredient in both curry and Aikatsu.
It's a shock to your system in a good way.
It's as if seeing Mahiru's performance could inspire even the most downtrodden person to stand up again.
It's as if she's the goddess guiding Aikatsu.
It's as if they're making fun of the police.
It's a sit-in.
It's a special Grade-up Glitter!
It's a sprain.
It's as she says.
It's a stereoscopic virtual environment based on Matterhorn in Switzerland.
It's as though I'm looking at a younger me.
It's as though she's the patron goddess of Aikatsu.
It's a story made of miracles, your wings are out there waiting for you It's a story made of miracles, your wings are out there waiting for you Lovely! Knowing you're not alone is very lovely!
It's a story of her turning into a human and working to become an idol on the surface.
It's a super exciting event pitting idols against each other in a battle of fashion sense and stage ability.
It's a super exciting event pitting idols against each other to prove who has the best fashion sense and performance ability.
It's a throne!
It's a traditional event.
It's a traditional meal from your homeland, New Zealand.
It's a two-liter bottle!
It's a two liter plastic bottle!
It's a variety show called "It's the weekend! Where should we go?" Yeah, like a whole lot of fun!
It's a variety show called "It's the weekend! Where to?" It's the weekend!
It's a very special dress stitched with your most precious feelings.
It's awesome that we'll get to see S4 live!
It's a white Christmas!
It's a yearly tradition.
It says Elza-san is holding an emergency press conference!
It says "I love-love you!" L-L-Love?!
It says "I lovey love you!" What would you understand about a young lady's heart?!
It says she's part of "Venus Ark".
It says she was known as the Nova of Rock.
It says Shirogane-senpai is Four Star's representative.
It says Shirogane-senpai's gonna represent Four Star there.
It's baaad?
It's bamboo!
It's based on a bestselling novel.
Its bearers must be able to maintain their composure at all times.
It's beautiful!
It's beautiful and bright from any angle you can see it, - I'd like to decorate a tree so grandly, it is as radiant as Christmas itself.
It's because Four Star Academy and Venus Ark encountered one another that we were all able to shine brighter.
It's because I am Shiratori Hime.
It's because I met Elza.
It's because I've always wanted to pass you now that you're number one that I can't contain this excitement.
It's because I've been taking lessons since I was a kid.
It's because she's always running at full speed.
It's because you ran here.
It's because you were always there for me that I've been able to come this far.
It's become even more vital to collect as many points as possible from shows.
It's been about a week now.
It's been a busy summer.
It's been a long half year.
It's been a while.
It's been a while since I've seen Ichigo gripping an axe.
It's been a while since I've seen Ichigo holding an axe.
It's been a while since my last audition.
It's been decided!
It's been far too long!
It's been far too long, Headmaster Moroboshi.
It's been far too long. How have you been?
It's been far too long, Yume-chan, Laura, Mahiru-chan.
It's been forever since I saw Yume-chan and Laura-chan together!
It's been one week since Koharu moved to Italy.
It's been quite a while!
It's been quite a while, Nijino Yume-san.
It's been so long!
It's been so long.
It's been so long! Looks like we get to compete again.
It's been stolen!
It's been such a long time since we've come out here together.
It's been too long!
It's been too long.
It's beginning!
It's begun! Four Star Academy's Fall Fest!
It's bigger than my room!
It's black!
It's blasphemy to leave the photogenic Ako-sama out of your picture!
It's boring by myself!
It's... breathtaking.
It's bright and beautiful from all angles, and just looking at it fills you with happiness.
It's broadcast nationwide, so this is your big chance!
It's buzzing in here.
It's called...
It's candy!
It's Caroline-san all the way from New Zealand!
It's clutch time, Mahiru.
It's cold...
It's cold and delicious!
It's coming down hard!
It's complete!
It's completely blank!
Its contents...
It's cozy... it's very cozy!
It's crazy, am I finally in the spotlight?
It's crazy—no, that stage was legit cray!
It's crazy to think that I ended up spending time alone with Hime-senpai on New Year's.
It's cute!
It's Dance Master Yuzu-senpai's miracle step!
It's decided!
It's definitely, definitely baa!
It's delicious!
It's delicious.
It's delicious, very delicious!
It's deluxe sour konbu ice cream.
It's deserving of a black belt! Respect!
It's disappointing. Very disappointing.
It's done.
It seems I can no longer put off telling you.
It seems it was a good idea to bring the Elzacise virtual machine from the ship.
It seems like everyone here watches Aikatsu TV.
It seems like I made you worry.
It seems like it's something serious.
It seems like she's starting to get a lot of attention overseas.
It seems like something serious.
It seems like the self-promotion segment has the most weight in this audition.
It seems like the time you get to promote yourself is judged most heavily.
It seems like we won't be able to spend the rest of our half-day off sitting on our butts.
It seems like you're quite busy.
It seems she has no problem speaking English even though she's never studied it.
It seems she was unable to continue her idol career due to it.
It seems she was unable to continue her idol career due to them.
It seems that everyone here watches Aikatsu TV.
It seems that girl was keeping a pet in secret.
It seems the glasses didn't fit anyone.
It seems they're infatuated with you.
It seems we won't be able to spend the rest of our half-day off sitting on our butts.
It seems you need a bit more practice.
It seems you would benefit from a bit more practice.
itself, isn't just for me kono yume wa hitotsu ja nai hitori ja nai This dream isn't by itself, isn't just for me koe wo awasereba dokomademo hibiku yo If we sing in harmony our voices will resound forever koe wo awasereba dokomademo hibiku yo If we sing in harmony our
It's Elza-sama.
It's Elza-sama we're talking about. Once she puts her mind to something, she follows through.
It's Elza-sama we're talking about. When she puts her mind to something, she sticks to it.
It's entirely possible for her to get distracted by something fun and entirely lose track of time.
It's entirely possible for her to get distracted by something fun and lose track of time completely.
It's especially effective if you're out of shape!
It's essential to collect as many points as possible from the coming events.
It's exactly because of the gig that we need to get pumped up now.
It's exactly because we're unknowns that makes this an amazing chance to get our names out!
It's exactly because we're unknowns that we can use this as a chance to get our names out!
It's exactly because we've got work that we need to get pumped up now.
It's exactly what I said.
It's exceedingly difficult to unite a group and give them direction.
It's falling!
It's fatigue.
It's filled with my wishes of being able to spend our time together like princes and princesses.
It's finally complete.
It's finally done.
It's finally our turn.
It's finally time.
It's finally time for your CD debut!
It's finally time to determine who will lead our Song Class.
It's finally time to determine who will lead us in Song Class.
It's finally time to draw the curtains on the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament!
It's finally time to raise the curtain at My Little Heart's Autumn Collection!
It's finally time to raise the curtain of My Little Heart's Autumn Collection!
It's finally tomorrow.
It's finally tonight.
It's fine.
It's fine, all my luggage was already delivered.
It's fine, and good luck.
It's fine, don't worry.
It's fine, don't worry about it.
It's fine. Good luck.
It's fine, Ichigo will eat them.
It's fine, I don't mind.
It's fine! She was completely right.
It's fine, shoveling was fun.
It's fine. The chocolate you make for Valentine's is special.
It's fine. This was simply a game.
It's fine, we'll deal with her later.
It's fine. What did you want to discuss?
It's fine. You don't need to dance around it.
It's fine, you don't need to walk on eggshells.
It's finished!
- Its floral meaning is "departure".
Its floral meaning is departure. I want it to commemorate a new start to both our Aikatsu and yours.
It's for the top of Song Class.
- It's fortunate that we were all able to align our schedules.
It's for work!
It's for you, Ako-chan!
It's for your own good.
It's freezing!
It's freezing. Mahiru, I'm amazed you can stand it.
It's from a movie guy.
It's from Aria.
It's from Elza Forte.
It's from Elza-san...
It's from the concert we went to before we came to Four Star Academy.
It's fulfilling to know that reaches her readers.
It's full of spices I've never even heard of.
It's full of the sounds of nature and reminds me of home.
It's full of the sounds of nature, just like my homeland.
It's futile.
It's getting hard to tell who'll make the Final Tournament.
It's getting hot out here!
It's getting late, but come and hang out anytime.
It's Glitter.
- It's going on sale on September 8th, correct?
It's going on sale September 8th, correct?
It's going to be so interesting seeing an event with Laura-chan and Mahiru-chan.
It's going to be the most important dress in Berry Parfait's wardrobe.
It's going to directly impact my future.
It's going to rain.
It's going to start soon!
It's going to take a lot more work to me to keep it going.
It's going well.
Its golden shining wings will take me to the future.
It's gone...
It's gonna be another great day for Aikatsu!
It's gonna be a straight-up dance-dance pair.
It's gonna be busy with all the recording and jacket photoshoots and such, but let's go do our best!
It's gonna be crazy tough!
It's gonna fall on the teacher's head!
It's gonna fall on top of the teacher's head!
It's good!
It's good.
It's good to be home.
- It's got a great atmosphere! Kirara wants to sing up here too!
- It's got a great atmosphere! Kirara want to sing up here too!
It's got a star and moon motif with lots of ribbons all over. Isn't it so FuwaFuwa Dream?
It's got a super great atmosphere!
It's gotta be a UMA, an unidentified mysterious animal!
It's gotta be this, right?
It's gotten a lot cooler.
It's gotten really late.
It's got to be so that I can see my fans smile.
It's got us too.
It's graced with a dignified medieval flair and accented with blue roses.
It's great!
It's great that you managed to come first out of all those applicants.
It's guaranteed to be the best if we get to see S4 live!
It's Halloween everywhere you look.
It's Halloween! Let's dance!
- It's happening again.
It's hard.
- It's hard. It won't break when dropped. It has a princessly air.
It's hard to believe that it's already almost been half a year since we entered Four Star Academy and started our Aikatsu.
It's hard to contain my excitement just thinking about it!
It's hard to decide where to begin.
It's hard to decide where to even begin.
- It's hard to put into words, but I could really feel her fastidiousness.
- It's hard to put into words, but you can really feel her determination.
It's hard to put into words, but you can really feel her particularities.
It's hard to say.
It's Haruka's luggage!
It's heavy!
It's heavy...
It's hengu. How does it smell?
It's her confidence that makes it all the more devastating.
It's here!
It's Hime-senpai!
It's Hime's special stamina curry.
It's holding candy! How adorable!
It's horrible!
It's horrible of her to blindly reject every applicant and mercilessly throw out an active idol!
It's horrible of her to just reject every applicant and throw out an active idol without mercy!
It should be Fall Fest.
It should be time.
It should not get you going!
It shouldn't be that surprising.
It's, how do I put it...
It's... how do I put it...
It's huge.
It's huge. What's in this?
It's ice!
- It simply means the end of your exchange session and that you will depart immediately.
- It simply means the end of your short-term study abroad, and you will be remaining here.
It simply means the end of your temporary exchange and that you will depart immediately.
It's important not to leave a single crumb behind.
It's important to be impactful.
It's important to have dreams and aspirations, Ako-chan.
It's important to heed the advice of your seniors.
It's important to not leave a single crumb behind.
It's important to slow down and look around you too.
It's important to slow down and look at your surroundings too.
It's impossible for her to sing in that condition.
It's impossible for us.
It's incredible!
It's incredible. Aria-chan is amazing.
It's incredible. In response to Aria-chan's singing, the whole forest is rejoicing!
- It's individuality!
It's in regards to the warning letter sent to the Shiratori mansion.
It's in the hold!
It's intriguing.
It's Japanese wasabi.
It's Jewel Ice Cream!
It's Juli's Venus Wave seminar!
It's just...
It's just a little fall.
It's just a matter of my feelings.
It's just a quick stop before work!
It's just a squall, so it'll pass soon.
It's just for a short while, though.
It's just... I could feel Hiyoko-chan's emotions like they were my own.
It's just kind of worrisome what with the moon hidden behind the clouds.
It's just kind of worrisome, what with the moon hidden behind the clouds.
It's just like Yozora-senpai said!
It's just me right now.
It's just regular exercise.
It's just so great that we get to be on the same stage as last year and show off how much we've grown!
It's just that I don't have the ability at the moment.
It's just that... I'm a little intrigued by her.
It's just that I'm so relieved the movie turned out so good, even though it was so hard to make!
It's just that I'm so relieved the movie turned out well after all we went through to make it!
It's just that Sakuraba Laura's technique is something else.
It's just that... she intrigues me a little.
It's just that... She intrigues me a little.
It's just that sometimes I have these amazing performances where don't feel like I'm myself.
It's just that you're always together.
It's just, there's not even anything to act out...
It's just, we can't make a play out of this...
It's just your imagination.
It's kind of crazy to see every class's admins in one place.
It's kind of embarrassing putting it into words, but I'm so grateful for you all as well.
It's kind of hard to ask.
It's kind of lacking.
It's kind of surprising.
It's kind of tingly and kind of sour kusuguttai you na suppai you na It's kind of tingly and kind of sour kusuguttai you na suppai you na A pineapple rolling away?
It's Koharu-chan!
It's Koharu-chan.
It's Laura-chan!
It's Laura-chan and Ako-chan and Mahiru-chan!
It's like an evolved form of Hime-senpai's training, Himetrain.
It's like a rainbow!
It's like a riddle.
It's like a storm.
It's like a wish to find four-leaf clovers to make our hearts as one.
- It's like Fwoosh! Fwah! Just like the raging fires of the corona!
- It's like, "Fwoosh!", "Fwah!" Just like the raging fires of the corona!
It's like, "Fwoosh! Fwah!" Just like the raging fires of the corona!
It's like I got a present for Tanabata!
It's like I'm holding hands with a goddess!
It's like Investigator Yozora says.
It's like I used up more effort than was even possible.
It's likely they'll be our greatest rivals at Rock Koshien.
It's like she's performing above her actual ability.
- It's like she's performing above her real abilities.
It's like she was never on hiatus.
It's like something a foreign princess would wear! You looked beautiful in it, Mahiru-chan.
It's like something's missing.
It's like the complete opposite of Four Star Academy's self-produce philosophy.
- it's like the instant of falling in love - shunkan no koi no you ni - It's like the instant of falling in love - shunkan no koi no you ni The air's electrified tokimeki no The air's electrified tokimeki no Our antennas zap with the signal antena ga pipitto kitara
It's like we're Orihime and Hikoboshi!
It's like you illuminate us.
It's like... you saved us!
It's like you were a totally different person.
It's lonely by yourself.
It's lovely!
It's M4!
It's made me really appreciate doing Aikatsu with Yume-chan and the others.
It's Mahiru-chan.
It's Mahiru's Fashion Time.
- It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - Episode That program...
- It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time
- It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time - It's Mahiru's Fashion Time Next up is our quick-tips advice corner.
It's Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson!
It's marvelous every time I see it.
It's me?!
It's me.
It's me! I was in it!
It smells like Onee-chan again.
It smells like Onee-chan in here.
It smells nice.
It smells wonderful. You'll make a great husband one day.
It's merely chocolate.
It's me, Yuzu!
It's mine!
It's more fun if it's a surprise.
It's more important to find the culprit.
It's my CD that I got to make for winning last year!
It's my daily habit.
It's my decision.
It's my dream...
It's my dream to join S4 too!
It's my duty to get Elza back!
It's my family crest.
It's my fault I don't sparkle?
It's my favorite of all your dresses!
It's my favorite out of all your dresses!
It's my first time on the second floor.
It's my goal to place first in the Aikatsu Ranking.
It's my goal to take first in the Aikatsu Ranking.
It's my Hime special, a honey ginger drink.
It's My Little Heart, same as Hime-senpai.
It's my time to shine!
- It's my treat. Don't feel reserved.
It's my trump card.
It's my turn next.
It's my turn to go!
It's natural to try and avoid it.
It's natural to try to avoid it.
It's New Year's!
It's New Year's! Everyone gather round!
It's New Year's☆Everyone Gather Round!
It's nice!
It's nice, really!
It's nice to hear that.
It's nice to meet you.
It's nice to meet you. I'm a Song Class first-year, Nijino Yume.
It's nice to meet you too.
It's nice to see you again.
It's nice to see you again, Nijino, Sakuraba.
It's nice to see you again, Yamaguchi-san.
It's nice to see you both again.
It's nice to see you both again, Auntie and Uncle.
It's Nijino Yume!
It's Nijino Yume-chan's performance!
It's Nijino Yume-san on stage!
It's no dream, see?
It's no fair that only you two get to be on the same page!
It's no fun.
It's no fun if Kirara doesn't get to do anything!
It's no fun just climbing up normally, so let's make it a race!
It's no good?
It's no good. I won't be able to learn it without dancing!
It's no good. I won't be able to learn it without the practice!
It's no good. I won't be able to remember unless I'm moving!
It's no good. Once you hesitate, it's too dangerous to finish the stunt.
It's no mystery how I'd be able to figure out what my siblings like, and that their favorite is chocolate.
It's no mystery that as her brother, I knew that she liked muffins, and that her favorite kind was chocolate.
It's normally wrapped in flax leaves and buried, but since we're on a boat I had to approximate.
It's no small feat to beat out this many applicants.
It's not about winning or losing.
It's not as cold as I expected.
- It's not as though I dislike the country...
It's not every girl who's able to get a Grade-up Glitter this quickly.
It's not friend chocolate.
It's nothing, really.
It's not... it's very not fun.
It's not just her.
It's not just here.
It's not just rare, but the first time I've ever seen it.
It's not just rare. It's the first time I've ever seen it.
It's not like I...
It's not like I did anything special.
It's not often you see a pair of sisters both end up as models.
It's not only Ako-chan.
It's not only creativity that you are in dire need of.
It's not over yet!
It's not perfect.
It's not right to waste food like that!
It's not simply the brand's name that's inherited.
It's not Sumiko, it's Susan!
It's not that. One of my friends was wondering what M4 is doing on that day.
It's not that. One of my friends was wondering what M4 was doing that day.
It's not that showing your appeal isn't important.
It's not too late.
It's not too late to swap it out for a shorter box!
It's not wrong at all. In fact, it's a precious feeling you mustn't ever forget.
It's not your fault.
It's no wonder you're sisters.
It's no wonder Yuzu-senpai is in S4.
It's now the final day.
It's now time to announce the results.
It's now time to open up the Second Stage with Elza Forte-san's song!
It's okay.
It's okay. Don't cry, Yume-chan.
It's okay if you mess up. All you need to do is embrace the stage.
It's okay if you mess up. All you need to do is embrace the stage." You taught me too, Master. About the fun you can only have when you get serious.
It's okay if you mess up. All you need to do is have the time of your life.
It's okay. I won't hurt you.
It's okay. You don't need to worry.
It's one-of-a-kind, and made exclusively for you.
It's one-of-a-kind, and only for you to use.
It's one of Anne's lines that comes to mind whenever I sing.
It's one of the ones you gave me.
It's only a slight twist.
It's only natural.
It's only natural for me to take part.
It's only natural they're gaining all this attention.
It's only natural they're receiving all this attention.
It's only natural. Those of S4 must be confident and hold their heads high...
It's only natural when faced with the infinite possibilities of dresses.
It's only natural you have different opinions.
It's only painful.
It sounded like fun, so I hopped aboard!
It sounded like it was a huge roadblock, but you managed to get over it by yourself.
It sounded like you could've kept on going.
It sound like you want it to be more all over the place.
It sounds almost as though you're bragging about her.
It sounds as rough as I thought.
It sounds as though she thinks beating Yume is predetermined! I'm so mad.
It sounds as though you have summer on your mind.
It sounds like everyone's doing well.
It sounds like fun to travel the world.
It sounds like he's doing it as a favor, so there's no problem.
It sounds like Laura-chan fits.
It sounds like S4's emblem.
It sounds like she's doing good.
It sounds like the symbol of S4.
It sounds like they fully deserve their positions as admins.
It sounds like they're fully deserving of their positions as admins.
It sounds like you know everything about Subaru-kun.
It sounds like you're ready to roll, Rock Koshien!
It sounds like you've fallen in love with Aikatsu.
It sounds like you want it to be more all over the place.
It sounds like Yume-chan's commentator, Laura, is calling us from the aquarium.
It sounds so stupid.
It's our first try at a skit right after the New Year?
It's our job to shine.
- It's Our Job To Shine.
It's Our Job To Shine.
- It's Our Job To Shine - It's Our Job To Shine S4 Presents: It's our job to shine.
- It's Our Job To Shine - It's Our Job To Shine S4 Presents: It's Our Job to Shine.
- It's Our Job to Shine - It's Our Job to Shine S4 TV just started.
- It's Our Job To Shine - It's Our Job To Shine We've got a big announcement for you all today!
It's our most powerful super spicy curry.
It's our pleasure.
It's our time to shine!
It's out job to shine.
It's over!
It's over there.
Its owner and top idol, Elza-san, sails the world scouting idols whose skills she deems worthy.
- Its owner and top idol, Elza-san, travels the world scouting idols whose skills she deems worthy.
- Its owner, the top idol Elza-san, sails the world scouting idols whose skills she deems worthy.
It sparked an interest for design in me, and I started studying it in earnest.
It's part of my routine.
It's part of our work as S4.
It's perfect!
It's perfect.
It's perfect for a prince like you!
It's piping hot!
It's pitch black.
It's Present Time!
It's pretty cray.
It's pride.
It's probably cooler on the plateau too, so it'd help you recover from your heat exhaustion, Koharu.
It's probably cooler on the plateau too, so it'd help you recover from your heat exhaustion too, Koharu.
It's proof that M4 tops the male idol charts in both name and reality.
Its pulse?
It's Punishment Time!
It's quite exciting.
It's quite good.
It's quite intriguing.
It's quite simple to do. First you place one of your Normal dresses here.
It's quite simple to do. First you place one of your Normal Dresses here.
It's raining... just like you said!
It's really adorable!
It's really coming down.
It's really finished.
It's really getting hyped up.
It's really good!
It's really her!
It's really no good...
It's really on sale.
It's really on the shelves!
It's really them!
It's really too bad that it overlaps with the surprise party.
It's really true.
It's really Yume-chan!
It's Reward Time!
It's right about time to start!
It's Romance Kiss's newest dress, the Asian Night Coord.
It's S1 through S4 in search of the S's.
It's S4's Nikaidou Yuzu and first-year Haruka Luka's special unit!
It's secret!
It's set at a prep school.
It's Setsubun!
It's showtime!
It's simply chocolate.
It's smiling!
It's snowing!
It's so amazing I can't contain my excitement!
It's so amazing she's going to represent Dance Class in S4 two years running.
It's so big!
It's... so big...
It's so cute!
It's so delicious!
It's so early...
It's so fizzy!
It's so good!
It's so heavy, yet Yume-chan was carrying it all by herself.
It's so hyped in here.
It's so incredible that your first job back is getting to work alongside our senpai!
It's so lucky!
It's something you can't do without a strong radiance of your own.
It's so much fun!" Soon the whole town will be filled with people wearing our dresses!
It's so much fun watching them enjoy themselves.
It's so nice out here.
It's so nice to meet you! Let's be friends!
It's so powerful!
It's so pretty!
It's so pretty.
It's so rich!
It's so sad saying goodbye.
It's so sharp and stylish!
It's so shiny!
It's sour, but I'll have one.
It's sour konbu flavor.
It's sour konbu-flavored.
It's sour konbu we made at the hot springs! Try one!
It's so wide!
It's spicy!
It's spicy, but I just can't stop!
It's splendid.
It's started.
It's starting.
It's still amazing how she didn't flinch an inch at Yuzu-senpai.
It's still amazing how Yuzu-senpai didn't even make her flinch.
It's still gonna be a while until I finish.
It's still hard to believe one of my dreams is about to come true.
It's still hot out, and you're making us wear scarves and coats?
It's still not too late to swap it out for a shorter box!
It's still so unbelievable.
It's still unpolished.
It's strange.
It's strange for you to make so many missteps.
It's strange for you to mistake the choreography like this.
It's strangely difficult to ignore her.
It's strange to feel so refreshed after a loss.
It's stunning. Thank you so much.
It's such a waste.
It's summer! Let's dance!
It's supposed to be backstage, so tone down the lights a touch.
It's supposed to be eaten by the person getting questioned.
It's taller than I expected.
It started!
It started to rain while we were playing, and it only got heavier and darker as we waited.
It starts at noon on Saturday.
It's Test of Bravery Time!
It's thanks to you that I resolved myself to move to Italy.
It's that time of the year again!
It's the academy's job to provide you with backup.
It's the autumn of Aikatsu!
It's the autumn of sports!
It's the best!
It's the biggest event of my friend's life.
It's the biggest event of the summer after all.
It's the Boney Boney Brothers!
It's the chance of a lifetime to act in the same drama as S4.
It's the cleaning guy!
It's the complete opposite of Four Star Academy's self-produce philosophy.
It's the dawn of a new age of Aikatsu.
It's the deluxe sour konbu ice cream.
It's the finish line.
It's the first day of Four Star Academy's Summer Fest!
It's the first time we've met.
It's the free performance competition!
It's the fruit of your own labor.
It's the goal.
It's the heart that bears everything the five senses feel.
It's the height of summer.
It's the height of summer. How are you all enjoying yourselves?
It's the highest-profile contest in the nation, used to decide the summer's top dancer.
It's the highest score yet!
It's the kitten!
It's the last day of voting.
It's the least I could do for Koukadou considering all you've done for me.
It's the least we can do, right?
It's the Moon Dress.
It's the most important thing in my life, second only to ice cream.
It's the only way.
It's the perfect role for you!
It's there!
It's the Sahara Desert in Algeria.
It's the same as back then!
It's the same as back then.
It's the same as that time.
It's the same as when you ended up here.
It's the same for me.
It's the same for me too!
It's the same reason we all did that harsh training together.
It's the same sunset as always, but being with you makes it look way more beautiful.
It's the same thing I heard during my modeling session.
It's the Shadow Stars!
It's the Solo Live S!
It's the Song Class for me.
It's the song Hime-senpai sung there!
It's the special guest corner!
It's the start of a new year.
It's the start of another new year.
- It's the start of the Four Star Movie Festival!
It's the treasure I received from Elza-sama!
It's the weekend!
It's the weekend! Where should we go?
It's the weekend! Where to?
It's the World Aikatsu Room!
It's the Year of the Rooster.
It's this.
It's this heavy, but Yume-chan was pushing it all by herself.
It's this: Let's envelop everyone in the Aikatsu ring!
It's those two who are drawing it out of us.
It's three!
It's time!
It's time.
It's time for Did You Know That?
It's time for my scene with Subaru-kyun at last!
It's time for our last entrant.
It's time for our yearly tradition, the fun-filled stage performances from our newbies!
It's time for photo shoot steam.
It's time for S4 Presents: A Premium Night.
It's time for Shirogane Lily's concert!
It's time for the Aikatsu Ranking Final Stage!
It's time for the climactic confrontation with the Demon Lord!
It's time for the cooking battle you've all been waiting for!
It's time for the first stage!
It's time for the internet photoshoot stream.
- It's time for the scene with Subaru-kyun at last!
It's time for the segment you've all been waiting for: the cooking battle!
It's time for the show.
It's time for the singing segment.
It's time for today's Everyone Gather Round Ako Nyan-Nyan!
It's time for today's serving, Koharuderella!
It's time for us to check how much you've grown this past month.
It's time for work!
It's time for your training.
It's time now to present the Premium dress I'll be wearing tonight.
It's time once again for the New Year Aikatsu Show.
It's time, S4! Trick or treat!
It's time to announce the results!
It's time to announce the results.
It's time to announce the results from the Summer Fest unit performances.
It's time to announce the results of the audition.
It's time to announce the results of the Fresh Girl Elections.
It's time to announce the three finalists.
It's time to announce the winners of the Koukadou campaign unit audition!
It's time to announce who made it!
It's time to crown the top dancer at this year's Burning Summer Dance Battle.
- It's time to crown the top dancer of this year's Burning Summer Dance Battle.
- It's time to for us to check how much you've grown this past month.
It's time to get serious.
- It's time to go head to head with Hime-senpai, who you've always admired.
It's time to go on.
It's time to go trick-or-treating!
It's time to open the Second Stage with a performance from Elza Forte-san!
It's time to present the Premium Dress I'll be wearing tonight.
It's time to put my Aikatsu to the test!
It's time to revive Ako-chan's Expedition!
- It's time to see just how much you've grown in this past month.
It's time to set off and do my best Aikatsu on my way towards my dream.
- It's time to start the Burning Summer Dance Battle finals!
Its title is Bodybird.
It's today's refreshment.
It's too complicated for me.
It's too dark to see.
It's too early to give up!
It's too lovely!
It's too much fun dancing with S4 and Dance Class!
It's too sad to say goodbye.
It's to perform at as many shows as possible.
It's totally fine. Alice-chan is helping us out a lot.
It's true!
It's true.
It's true, Ako's elegance isn't something you could find in any ordinary girl.
It's true, Ako's elegance isn't something you'd find in an ordinary girl.
It's true! I had it with me the whole time...
It's true, I'm not alone.
It's true, isn't it?
It's true that I haven't given it much thought before.
It's true that I love Spice Chord.
It's Tsubasa-senpai!
It's turned into a huge deal.
It's turning out to be a remarkable school.
It's twenty times—no, even more than that!
Itsudatte ouenshiteru todoke!
It suddenly got a lot lighter.
It suits you perfectly.
It suits you wonderfully, Kirara-san.
itsuka hana hiraku inochi no tame tada kibou wo utatte mitai All I wish is to sing of hope for the life that may blossom one day itsuka hana hiraku inochi no tame tada kibou wo utatte mitai The caged bird has already taken off kago no tori wa mou tobitatta wa
Itsumo happii dake ja nai kedo itsumo happii taihen na toki demo jibun rashiku shimai tokimeki raran kokoro kira suteki na mahou saa ichiban daisuki na watashi ni nare tokimeki raran kyou ga kira tanoshinjaou sunao ni suki ni jiyuu ni hare wo nobasou Thus the story reached its happy end.
It's under way.
It's unfathomable to take a picture without the photogenic Ako-sama!
It's unfortunate...
It's unfortunately true.
It's up.
It sure does. Everyone goes through it at least once.
It's us?
It's very cheerful and makes me want to dance!
It's very cute!
It's very delicious!
It's very fun!
It's very intriguing.
It's very much unpolished.
It's very nice!
It's very surprising!
It's warm.
It's water!
It's way too big!
It's way too early for that.
It's weird.
It's when your heart feels elated.
It's where the students of our academy live.
It's where we enter the stage from.
It's wonderful!
It's wonderful.
It's wonderful! My memories of those times are flooding back.
It's wonderful! My memories of those times are vividly coming back.
It's wonderful to meet you.
It's worth a lot of points, but that just attracts more competitors and ups the difficulty.
It's worth a lot of points, which attracts more competitors and ups the difficulty.
It's you!
It's your fault that we began to hate giving up.
It's your own fault if you let a chance slip by.
It's yours!
It's your turn next.
It's Yozora-san!
It's Yozora-senpai's show, Yozora's Fashion Time.
- It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time.
- It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time
It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time
It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time It's Yozora's Fashion Time My.
- It's Yozora's Fashion Time - It's Yozora's Fashion Time We can't pass this one up!
It's Yume!
It's Yume.
It's Yume-chan!
It's Yume-chan.
It's Yume Santa!
It's yummy!
It's Yuzu-sama's turn next.
It's Yuzu's special konpeito pancakes!
It takes real guts to talk back to Perfect Elza.
It takes real guts to talk back to that Perfect Elza straight to her face.
It takes some guts to join up with someone from S4.
It takes some guts to pair up with S4.
It tastes exactly the same as the ones from France.
It tastes just like the ones from France.
It tingles!
It took no time at all for the chance to hear Hime-senpai sing up close!
It took no time at all for us to get to hear Hime-senpai sing up close!
- It took years since infiltrating the Shiratori estate to get my hands on the princess diamond.
It totes feels like I blew it for my first day.
It totes felt like I blew it on my first day.
It truly was amazing how Elza could do it so perfectly.
- It turned out a wonderful production.
It turned out to be a fantastic show.
It turned out to be a wonderful production.
I turned everyone's feelings into radiance on the stage to have a chance against Elza-san's fantastic performance.
It used to be that you'd say you wouldn't miss S4 for anything.
It uses a star-and-moon motif with lots of ribbons all over. Isn't it so FuwaFuwa Dream?
It was!
It was a boring one anyway.
It was a clash of our emotions.
It was actually drippy soba that I had.
It was a happy miscalculation that the students of Four Star obtained Star Wings one after the other.
It was a huge success!
It was all Aria-chan's doing.
It was all due to you.
It was all due to your company.
It was all just for the drama?
It was all just so incredible.
It was all this Ouroscopyosaurus's fault.
It was a lot of fun watching myself change bit by bit.
It was also right around when Four Star Academy's idols were starting to garner attention.
It was also right around when Four Star Academy's idols were starting to gather attention.
It was a mistake to come to Venus Ark!
It was a new experience for me being able to enjoy Aikatsu with so many others.
It was a new experience for me to enjoy Aikatsu with so many others.
It was a nice performance.
It was a rough ride.
It was arrogant to think I was close to catching Hime-senpai.
It was arrogant to think I was even getting close to Hime-senpai.
It was a seriously fantastic performance!
It was a Star Premium Rare Coord.
It was a thrilling and exciting experience.
It was a time when I enjoyed tickling more than my three square meals a day.
It was a trick question.
It was a uniquely Yuzu performance.
It was because she was there, always chasing after my back, that I was able to do my best.
It was because she was there, chasing me down, that I was able to do my best.
It was because she was there for me, always chasing my back, that I was able to do my best.
It was changed at the last minute.
It was clear as day.
It was Elza's radiance that drew you here.
It was exactly what I'd hope for from my rival.
It was exhilarating seeing over the birth of two future supermodels.
It was exhilarating witnessing the birth of two future supermodels.
It was fairly enjoyable.
It was false!
It was fantastic. You both were so radiant.
It was fantastic. You were both radiant.
It was good. That was a difficult role, but you played it well.
It was her kindness that inspired me.
It was Hime-senpai, right?
It was how I made friends who I could share my happiness and chase after my dreams with.
It was inevitable.
It was interesting experiencing all those different ways of studying.
It was interesting experiencing different ways of studying.
It was just a feeling.
It was just as you said, Koharu.
It was just delivered express.
It was like I could see the nature of Finland.
It was me.
It was me dream to be the star of the Song Class.
It was me! I figured that I'd be able to put on a really fun show with Yume-chan and Ako-chan!
It was much easier that time, and it worked much better too!
It was much easier that time, and worked much better!
It was my fault for inviting you without first asking about your plans.
It was my pleasure. Whenever we're together, I can't help but keep my eyes on her.
It was Nee-san's idea. She figured we might not all be able to get together on the 28th next month.
It was nice to have a mini vacation.
It was nice to have a mini-vacation.
It was nice working with you!
It was nothing.
It was nothing special. All it takes is regular practice to improve your skills.
It was no trouble at all.
It was not the Shadow Stars.
It wasn't me.
It wasn't scary at all.
It was only a few short days, but thank you for the experience.
It was only because you never stopped running before me, that no matter how much I hurt, I could get back up and swear to do my best, to not lose to myself.
It was only because you were next to me, never stopping, that no matter how much it hurt, I could muster the will to try again, to win the struggle against myself.
It was only due to your diligence in helping those in need.
It was only one, but...
It was only possible due to the passionate soul you've been developing.
It was only possible due to the passionate soul you've cultivated.
It was outside my usual wardrobe, so it felt quite refreshing.
It was pretty close, though.
It was so fun I couldn't help it.
It was so much fun!
It was so much fun I couldn't think of anything else.
It was so much fun, I forgot about everything else.
It was so powerful I felt chills!
It was so pure!
It was stolen!
It was such a disappointment.
It was such a disappointment. My finger were itching to photograph them.
It was tailored to the stage, and I had a lot of fun with it!
It was that kindness that inspired me.
It was the best! Hearing everyone's cheers filled me with strength.
It was the happiest day of my life when I was scouted, but it seems that I had no talent.
- It was the midterm rankings.
It was then that Elza-san told me I had no talent for design.
It was then that she met Elza.
It was the phrase "everyone shine" that caught my eye and inspired me to apply for this audition.
- It was the right thing to say here.
It was the same for me.
It was the same for me. Winning was my way of demonstrating how to properly lead your juniors.
It was the same for S4, but seeing M4 have their own show too makes it feel like that's what makes an idol.
It was the same with me.
It was "the true treasure is in meeting with others".
It was truly unbelievable. Excellent job.
It was very sharp, just like a knife.
It was worth all that studying, Laura.
It was your dream for so long.
It will!
It will be an intense battle up until the cutoff point for the top four in February.
It will be a spectacle.
- It will become one of my tiny glimmers by the name of a memory.
It will be Mahiru-neesan!
- It will forever be one of the tiny glimmers that they call memories.
It will forever be one of the tiny glimmers that we call a memory.
It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up
It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a
It will last as an unforgettable memory.
It will last from today to tomorrow.
It will last through today and tomorrow.
It will present itself to the idol who shines brightest on stage.
It won't be done until you color it.
It won't be too late after having your shake.
It won't break when dropped.
It worked!
It would be a waste to eat!
It would be a waste to eat this!
- It would be best to use Dress Make specifically for our unit.
It would be foolish to hinder you now.
It would be harder to talk if we all sat in a row.
It would be impossible for me to surpass them without the power of another.
It would be impossible for me to surpass them without the power of someone beside me.
It would be improper for the hosts not to partake in it as well.
It would be nice to design something just for our unit with Dress Make.
- It would be nice to make something just for our unit with Dress Make.
It wouldn't be interesting without change.
It would surely suit you wonderfully.
I understand!
I understand.
I understand, Elza.
I understand Hime, but why scout this girl too?
I understand. In return, you'll listen to everything I say.
I understand. It's in your hands.
I understand that.
I understand that you dislike me.
I understand the concept...
- I understand the importance of taking exams seriously.
- I understand the importance of taking the exams seriously.
I understand the importance of taking your exams seriously.
I understand what you're feeling.
I understand where you're coming from.
I understand. You must love having lessons and getting to see everyone's Aikatsu.
I understand your plight!
I understand your uncertainty completely.
I understood after seeing Elza-chan.
I understood that forming a unit with idols from other classes would be a valuable experience.
I unified the matryoshka from President Piroshenko's motherland, Russia, with the Japanese kimono to create a Russo-Japanese coord!
I used all five of my senses to feel the boulder's pulse.
I used every single one of you just to get my hands on the Sun Dress.
I used stars as a motif to represent my dreams for the future.
I used the frustration of losing in the S4 Selection as fuel to work even harder.
I used to always sing to pass auditions and beat my rival.
I used to be the same way, simply admiring Subaru-kyun and wishing he would look my way.
I used to do that too, stuff like imitating my favorite rock idol's hairstyle.
I used to play volleyball, so I'm confident in my stamina.
I used to play volleyball, so I'm not worried about wearing out.
I used to think that Hime-senpai was just a prodigy.
I used to think that was good enough, but...
I used whipped cream and chocolate as motifs.
I've actually been studying abroad, and I only just came back recently.
I've already forgotten where I hid it!
I've already got three people in mind, all poster children of cool and sexy.
I've already got three people in mind, all the very definition of cool and sexy.
I've already submitted our entry.
- I've already thought up an extra oomph to use for myself.
- I've already thought up a secret weapon to use for myself.
I've already thought up what sort of extra oomph to put in for myself.
I've always...
I've always believed that what's important in Aikatsu isn't just singing or dancing.
- I've always believed that what's important in Aikatsu isn't singing or dancing.
- I've always had all sorts of things stuffed in my pockets.
I've always had all sorts of things stuffed in my pockets since I was little.
I've always loved summer, ever since I was a kid!
I've always thought of you as an idol I couldn't leave alone.
I've always thought that there was a lack of designated stages for new idols to use.
I've always thought that there weren't enough stages for new idols to use.
I've always thought you were an idol I couldn't leave alone.
I've always wanted to go, but...
- I've always wanted to go, too...
I've always wanted to surpass her.
I've always wanted to tell you that.
I've been anticipating this day for my entire life.
I've been awaiting this day, Kasumi Yozora.
I've been eagerly awaiting this day that whole time.
I've been feeling like something missing for a while now.
I've been feeling like something's missing for a while now.
I've been found out.
I've been getting flooded with messages on kirakiLINE since it aired.
I've been honing my skills. What about you?
I've been left alone yet again.
I've been looking for you, Lilienne.
I've been meaning to see her live for a long time.
I've been positively hooked on bananas these days!
I've been prepared ever since I chose this job.
- I've been thinking about what I can do ever since you brought it up.
I've been through a lot, but I believe the path I chose wasn't a mistake.
I've been trying not to think about it for fear of losing my ability to sing.
I've been waiting for this day my entire life.
I've been wanting to meet you.
I've been wanting to meet you in person.
I've been watching all of you. Ako-chan and Mahiru-chan, Laura and Yozora-senpai and everyone else.
I've been watching you all. Ako-chan and Mahiru-chan, Laura and Yozora-senpai and everyone else.
I've been working hard not to bring same to either one.
I've brought some big news in recognition of you all making it to the second stage.
I've brought some very important news for you all today.
I've called a very special guide for you.
I've collaborated with Yozora for a few shows in New York.
I've collaborated with Yozora on a few shows in New York.
I've come to find a Miracle Girl for this year's new product, Miracle Felici-taiyaki.
I've come to find my Miracle Girl who will be able to properly represent this year's new product, Miracle Felicitaiyaki.
I've come to love singing more than before because of everyone here.
I've come to plunder you.
I've completed it at last.
I've confirmed that every student received the memo!
I've continued to wait under this frozen sky kogoesou na sora no shita machitsudzuketeta I've continued to wait under this frozen sky kogoesou na sora no shita machitsudzuketeta And now I open my eyes to this glimmering world kagayaita sekai e to me wo samasu no yo And now I open my eyes
I've decided.
I've decided to apply for the same audition as Yume-chan.
I've decided to enter.
I've done a full day coverage of Hime-senpai before.
I've done a lot of fun things up 'til now, but Aikatsuing with you was the most fun of all!
I've done a lot of fun things up until now, but Aikatsu with you was the most fun of all!
I've done everything I can think of up until now, Is the purpose of your Aikatsu to beat somebody else?
I've done everything I could think of, but I still can't seem to beat Yume.
I've done it!
I've done my utmost, but it is beyond my ability.
I've done something so shameful in front of you...
I've encountered a lot of interesting things in my life, but Aikatsu gets me going the most!
I've faced a lot of competitions up until now, and lost and cried my fair share.
I've felt scared ever since we reunited.
I've finally caught my breath.
I've finally done it!
I've finally found you.
I've finally obtained the Sun Dress!
I've finished.
I've got a bad feeling about this!
I've got an idea.
I've got a really important Fest coming up.
I've got a special instructor for you today.
I've got it!
I've got it! How about Honeybee Kiss?
I've got it! Let's make this into your serialized column.
I've got it! Let's make this your regular feature.
I've got it! Why don't we all go and eat some down at Rainbow Confectionery?
I've got my eye on the Beauty Class.
I've got no reservations about passing you with flying colors!
I've got some big news!
I've got some rocking news for you today.
I've got something important to tell you about the audition.
I've gotta be more careful.
I've gotta do more and more fighting, fighting!
I've gotta do my fair share too!
I've gotta do my share too!
I've gotta grow until I can reach her.
I've gotta hurry!
I've gotta protect the school as student council president along with Lilienne!
I've gotta pull out all the stops for my dress.
I've gotta start from the foundations so that I can learn to project like Sakuraba-san!
I've gotta work hard too!
I've got the perfect three people in mind who are the very definition of cool and sexy.
I've got this.
I've got to do something.
I've got you, mischevious lady.
I've got you, mischievious lady.
I've had to create designs and themes for the brand and debut the new dresses.
I've have some very important news for you today.
I've heard about it from Onee-chan.
I've heard that before.
I've heard that Hime Shiratori thinks highly of you as an idol.
I've heard that they begin their activities anew around now, just as winter ends.
- I've heard that they ramp up their activities around now, just as winter ends.
I've hit my limit...
I've incorporated the feedback from our discussion and arrived at this design!
I've just gotta see!
I've just gotta see it!
I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream - ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru - ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru Ano hi kara ima mo onaji yume wo miteiru Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up Running around the sun's orbit
I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream
I've known you far too long for that.
- I've known you for far too long.
I've lived my entire life in the entertainment industry.
I've lived my entire life in this world of entertainment.
I've loved summer ever since I was a kid!
I've love to hear a story about your time in India.
I've made it!
I've made my decision.
I've never been better.
I've never been fishing before.
I've never been so proud to share the honor of S4 with Hime.
I've never even gotten close to that forbidden room.
I've never experienced anything like it before.
I've never felt like that before.
I've never felt so accomplished before in my entire life.
I've never felt the urge to beat anyone else either.
I've never felt this excited on stage before in my entire life!
I've never felt this way before.
I've never had sushi this good before!
I've never heard of them.
I've never met a flight attendant like you before.
I've never seen a banquet like this!
I've never seen a flower like this before!
I've never seen a live like this before!
I've never seen dishes like these!
I've never seen Rei-chan look that serious before.
I've never seen such pretty demons in my life!
I've never seen such pretty fireworks before!
I've never told you, but at the time I was actually scared to go on.
I've never told you, but there were times when I was scared of going on stage back then.
I've obtained the final Star Wings, Elza.
I've obtained the legendary dress that only the chosen idol is permitted to wear!
I've only been thinking about myself...
I've only reached this position due to my fans, so I try to interact with them as much as possible.
I've participated in tons of competitions, and lost and cried my fair share.
I've pored over it, but I cannot figure it out.
- I've pored over it, but I can't figure it out.
- I've pored over it so much, but I can't figure it out.
I've returned, Asahi-senpai.
I very much want to know!
I've said since the very beginning that I wanted us to be muses together.
I've seen it back when Yozora was the host.
I've seen it in movies before.
I've seen those girls before.
I've sent audition tickets to each of the idols I believe would be perfect for the position.
I've sent audition tickets to the idols I believe would be suited for the position.
I've still gotta find my own answer!
I've taken you down with me.
I've tasted this before!
I've thought about it a lot, and I think we should go with these dresses for today.
I've thought about it a lot, and I think we should go with these dresses today.
I've used them extensively to date.
I've watched every single episode of "Rise of a CA"!
I've watched every single episode of "Rise of a Flight Attendant"!
I've wished for this even since before I left for Italy.
I vowed to make it come true since before I came here.
- I vowed to make it since before I came here.
I vow eternal radiance upon this dress!
I vow to obtain the final Star Wings.
I vow to rescue my brand from the clutches of that idol pirate as well!
I vow to return my brand from the clutches of that idol pirate as well!
I vow upon my sea!
I wanna dance even more!
I wanna eat Love Meowrt Chocolate with Subaru-kyun!
I wanna enter with you!
I wanna have a huge show to remember this group with and go out with a bang!
I wanna have a huge show to remember with these members and go out with a bang!
I wanna keep on doing Aikatsu with you!
I wanna make the best dress possible.
I wanna see! I'm definitely gonna see it!
I wanna see it! I'm definitely gonna be there!
I wanna see! I wanna see so bad!
I wanna see the kitten on stage!
I wanna see the kitten's stage!
I wanna see too!
I want a box of ones you made.
I want all of us idols to become the bright light that can make the hearts of everyone around us shine.
- I want a lot people to see the dresses I made with Koharu-chan, after all.
I wanted some good lines to use when I MC, and I was hoping you could help me out.
I wanted to. Also, there's something I wanted to discuss.
I wanted to be like Elza-sama...
I wanted to be like her, and so I swore to obtain the Sun Dress.
I wanted to eat them myself.
I wanted to get it to you before you left.
I wanted to get something nice for Hime-senpai and the others.
I wanted to give the up-and-comers more opportunities.
I wanted to give you a fitting sendoff in your final year.
I wanted to ground myself before our performance.
I wanted to have wavy hair like yours, Mahiru-san.
I wanted to keep going for a little longer.
- I wanted to make a eye-popping dress the likes of whch no one had seen before.
- I wanted to make a never-before-seen dress that would surprise everyone.
I wanted to make an eye-popping dress the likes of which no one had seen before.
I wanted to see her off properly...
I wanted to see Koharu-chan perform too!
I wanted to see you sing, Hime-senpai.
I wanted to share this special day with everyone.
- I wanted to try Romance Kiss's new dress out as well.
I wanted to try Romance Kiss's new dress out too.
- I wanted to use Romance Kiss's new dress as well.
I wanted to win the Final Tournament and make Elza-sama reconsider, but now I can't!
I want everyone to get along and cheer for each other.
I want everyone wearing Berry Parfait to shine as brightly as they can.
I want it to feel like a real show dancer dressing room, so I compiled a list of props to include and sketched out the general flow.
I want, like...
I want lots of people to hear my new song.
I want lots of people to see the dresses I made with Koharu-chan, after all.
I want my own CD!
I want Nee-san to win, but I also want Mahiru to win. I'd like to cheer for both of them...
I want nothing less than to win Fall Fest.
I want not just me, but everyone else to shine as brightly as they can.
I want not just to be driven by my sister, but also to drive her forward as well.
"I want one too." Is that not what you are thinking?
I want some too!
I want them!
I want them all to be personalized.
I want to Aikatsu even more!
I want to be able to use it too!
I want to be a different kind of top model than Kasumi Yozora.
I want to be a different kind of top model than my sister.
"I want to be an idol too.
I want to beat Elza-san no matter what.
I want to be be more like Hime-senpai one day.
I want to become a first-star idol who can shine together with everyone.
I want to become the cocoa!
I want to be in S4!!
I want to be in S4's drama!
I want to be just like you.
I want to be more like Hime-senpai one day.
I want to be the world's brightest idol.
I want to be the world's brightest idol, I guess.
I want to bring out everyone's radiance with you too!
I want to bring out the brilliance of everyone who wears Rainbow Berry Parfait with Yume-chan!
I want to bring out the brilliance of Yume-chan and of everyone who wears Rainbow Berry Parfait!
I want to check up on Aria-chan too.
I want to compete with you on stage one more time.
I want to compete with Yume after all the Aikatsu we've done together!
I want to concentrate on practicing right now.
I want to dance together with you all!
I want to defeat you and claim the top position.
I want to devote everything I have to it until I'm satisfied.
I want to do Aikatsu together with Yume-chan.
- I want to do all the admin work responsibly, like you and the other admins do, - I want to devote myself to the admin work like you and the others, And while doing that, win in the elections!
I want to do all the admin work responsibly, like you and the other girls do, and on top of that, win in the elections!
I want to do it, no matter how much it hurts.
I want to do it, no matter how much it hurts. I'll defeat myself.
I want to do something in return.
I want to do something myself!
I want to enable people to do that.
I want to face this in my best possible dress.
I want to find out what it is too.
- I want to forget all of our competitions and start over from the beginning!
I want to forget all the competitions we had and start over from the beginning!
I want to fulfill that vow.
I want to give the best performance I possibly can to convey my gratitude!
I want to glitter even brighter with my Daylight Festival Coord!
I want to go! I very much want to go!
I want to go out with a bang one last time.
I want to go too!
I want to have a column that's uniquely mine.
- I want to have column that's uniquely mine.
- I want to have my very own unique column.
I want to help with Berry Parfait's design!
I want to join S4 and don a Premium Rare Dress of my own creation and sing alongside you more.
I want to just like that.
I want to keep doing marathons in the future, so I intentionally chose not to run away.
I want to keep on doing Aikatsu with Elza-sama!
I want to kick us off tonight by talking about a certain idol.
I want to know more about her allure.
I want to know more... about new Aikatsu.
I want to know more. I very much want to know more about new Aikatsu!
I want to know the real reason Elza-sama said she wants to close Venus Ark.
I want to learn what it is too.
I want to let everyone in the whole wide world know that through my dresses.
I want to make each one of them personalized.
I want to make even more inspired designs for Rainbow Berry Parfait!
I want to make everyone shine with the Rainbow Étoile Coord we made together!
I want to make my Star Wings even more ebullient through my Aikatsu.
I want to make this feel like a real show dancer dressing room, But I'm supposed to be in charge of makeup.
I want to meet the me that watashi ni deaitai no Not even I know watashi ni deaitai no Not even I know watashi ni deaitai no Not even I know watashi ni deaitai no Not even I know Dreams will come true Dreams will come true Dreams will come true
I want to obtain the Sun Dress at any cost.
I want to protect Venus Ark!
I want to save Yume-chan!
I want to say goodbye with a smile.
I want to see far more idols continue to shine ever brighter.
I want to see her too!
I want to see how my cute successors who conquered their power do.
I want to see many more idols continue to shine ever brighter.
I want to see more and more of your Aikatsu.
I want to see surprising Aikatsu!
I want to see them reach even greater brilliance.
I want to see the same from you.
I want to see you like that again.
I want to see you perform without anything held back!
I want to see you perform without anything held back!!
I want to see your performance, with nothing held back!
I want to see yours too.
I want to see you two together.
I want to share the stage of S4 with you.
I want to shine brightly on my own merits, as Kasumi Yozora.
I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter kitto watashi rashiku stars!
I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai And become my one and only star!
I want to shine like S4!
I want to shine with everyone!
- I want to show the dresses I made with Koharu-chan to as many people as possible.
I want to sing!
I want to sprout the Aikatsu flower all around the world.
I want to surpass myself.
I want to take this on with my best possible dress.
I want to teach her what I can.
I want to thank Koharu-chan and everyone else as much as I can.
I want to thank you and make up for the trouble I caused.
I want to throw a surprise farewell party for Koharu-chan.
I want to try it!
I want to try out too!
I want to use Hime Rouge now!
I want to use my dresses to let everyone in the whole wide world hear that.
I want to use those!
I want to walk together down the path that leads your brand to the star-filled sky!
I want to wear a dress I designed myself and have my very own stage.
I want to win!
I want to win against Laura.
I want to work hard so that Yozora-senpai will compliment me even more!
I want to work together with a Japanese idol to create a brand-new brand!
- I want us to forget all our competitions and start over from the beginning!
I want you all to create those same bonds for yourself.
I want you all to meet someone who's like that for you too.
I want you be Spice Chord's next successor.
I want you to inherit the brand I raised, Romance Kiss.
I want you to see how much I've learned and grown at Four Star Academy.
I want you to succeed me in Spice Chord.
I was able to adjust my schedule and free up time today.
I was able to find my answer.
I was about to say that Ako-chan's acting was really good.
I was a huge fan of Yuri-senpai's role as the culprit.
I was also on my way to retrieve something the Demon Lord has taken from me.
I was also on my way to retrieve something the Demon Lord stole from me.
I was astounded.
I was a tad shocked when I heard you would step down as muse, but as a result, you obtained the Jupiter Star Wings.
I was at the end of my line there.
I was blown away the moment I first saw your Star Wings.
I was blown away when I first saw your Star Wings.
I was bringing guests!
I was by myself, but never alone.
I was certain it was this floor...
I was certain this was the floor...
I was chasing after Onee-chan my entire first year at school.
I was chasing Onee-chan's back my entire first year at school.
I was concerned for Yume since she's been distraught about being unable to design well.
I was confident I wouldn't lose to anyone...
I was convinced that the most powerful light in the world was the sun.
- I was determined to walk the path of an idol as a model.
- I was dropped off at the harbor and ran here as fast as I could!
I was expecting this.
I was finally able to commit.
I was finally able to sing in my own voice!
I was finally reunited with Yume-chan and my friends again, but now...
I was forbidden from feeding or even seeing her.
I was fully expecting a refusal.
I was fully prepared to be refused.
I was going to ask you the same thing!
I was happy to. It's just like you always to put the fans first.
I was happy to win, but the most important thing to me was being able to shine with everyone.
I was happy to win, but the most important thing was being able to shine with everyone.
I was having a tough time trying to come up with a design for my all-important Premium Rare Dress.
I was hoping to acquire special Grade-up Glitter and create a dress unique to me.
I was hoping you could give me some advice.
I was hoping you'd say that.
I was instructed to act like a different Shirogane Lily who could compel people to irresistibly comment on me.
I was instructed to act like a wholly different Shirogane Lily in order to drive people to instinctively comment on me.
I was in the middle of drafting my new Premium Rare Dress.
I was in the Song Class at first.
I was in the volleyball club during elementary school.
I was itching to photograph them.
I was jogging around campus.
I was just a bit anxious about appearing on Aikatsu TV.
I was just about to ask the same thing!
I was just in the mood for a cup of Vienna coffee.
I was just looking for you two.
I was just saying how I feel!
I was just thinking about you.
- I was just thinking how difficult it is to move hearts.
I was just thinking how hard it is to move hearts.
- I was just thinking how it's not easy to set someone's heart into motion.
I was just thinking that I didn't want to idly sit and watch my sister's performance!
I was just thinking you'd be coming soon.
- I was just thinking you'd come to see me again.
I was just up here thinking about dresses too.
I was kicked out of Venus Ark, and couldn't even make the Final Tournament.
I was naïve.
I was never really invested in this role anyway.
I wasn't able to speak smoothly during my self-introduction.
I wasn't enjoying Aikatsu to the point of falling in love with it.
I wasn't expecting all this.
I wasn't expecting any hiccups.
I wasn't expecting this kind of self-promotion, and I'm lost as to what to do.
I wasn't expecting this kind of self-promotion, so I'm quite lost...
I wasn't scared after that.
I wasn't thinking anything like that.
I was only focused on Subaru-kyun's lines.
I was overjoyed. I'd like to give everyone chocolate too.
I was overjoyed to learn that. I'd like to give everyone chocolate too.
I was overjoyed when I found out that you'd be coming to Four Star.
I was planning to surprise you two with them later.
I was really worried that it would actually happen, but thankfully, Elza-san hadn't lost her passion for Aikatsu.
I was relying on that power.
I was simply not expecting this.
I was sitting up there two years ago.
I was so enamored in that joy that I did Aikatsu every day.
I was so excited I could hardly sleep!
I was so excited I could hardly sleep, and ended up not waking up in time.
I was so nervous.
I was so sure she'd be getting psyched before her performance.
I was so surprised!
I was sure she'd gotten here ahead of me.
I was surprised. She doesn't normally stand out, yet she's radiant up on the stage.
I was surprised. She's typically unremarkable, yet on the stage, she's radiant.
I was the loudest one there.
I was the same.
I was the very loudest one there.
I was thinking about focusing on the aspect of a fairy straight out of a fairy tale.
I was thinking of building up a big Yume-chan corner right here.
I was thinking of having you be her replacement.
I was thinking of setting a big Yume-chan display up right here.
I was thinking of shaking things up for the occasion.
- I was thinking of you being her replacement.
I was thinking that is something you would say.
I was thinking that would be something you'd say.
I was thinking the same thing.
I was... thinking the same thing too.
I was thinking we should Aikatsu separately for a while.
I was thrown one too.
I was too naive.
I was touched.
I was trying to focus.
I was unable to win against you in the end.
I was unaware of the many people I had leaned on.
- I was unaware of the many people I had relied on.
I was up rather late last night preparing to be a tour guide.
I was very excited watching your show too!
I was very excited watching you show too!
I was watching the airing.
I was wondering why.
I was worried about Master.
I was worried about so many things, and I felt completely lost.
I was worried what we would do for a while there.
I was worried when I heard you were doing an exchange at Venus Ark.
I watched one of your performances in the library reference area.
I watched one of your performances that the library had on record.
I welcome you as my rival.
I went and found out what you wanted on the sly.
I went to mull over what I should do next, and it was then that Yachigusa Momoko-sensei from the Theater Class appeared.
I will!
I will.
I will admit that is the truth.
I will Aikatsu with all my might, and become an idol who can match you!
I will also give you a test.
I will at the right time.
I will avoid the tickles at all costs!
I will be advancing into the high school division of Four Star Academy.
I will become Beauty Class's...
- I will become light!
- I will become that light!
I will become their light!
- I will become your shield as well as your sword - tate ni nareru ken ni mo nareru - I will become your shield as well as your sword - tate ni nareru ken ni mo nareru I swear all of my power to you chikaou doryoku oshimanai I swear all of my power to you
I will be Elza's sword and shield.
I will begin with Beauty Class.
I will be having Elza and her friends tell me all about their Aikatsu.
I will be leaving Four Star Academy to study abroad in Los Angeles for a venture into Hollywood.
I will believe in Yume-san!
I will be spending the Eve with my beloved Subaru-kyun...
I will be the one to receive the Sun Dress.
I will be the one who gets the last laugh.
I will be the one who gets the Sun Dress and becomes the world's brightest idol.
I will be the sole muse of this brand!
I will be under your guidance.
I will be your host, Kasumi Yozora.
I will be your host this year!
I will cast a magic spell and bring forth wonder.
I will continue fighting as long as I'm a marathon runner.
I will continue to sing alongside Spice Chord!
I will dedicate my everything for Elza!
I will disembark.
I will do everything I possibly can!
I will do my utmost to uphold this title!
I will end up atop the Aikatsu Ranking in my Sun Dress.
I will engrave this moment into my heart, where it will lie eternal.
I will fight with all my might and win.
I will find the most splendid S of all...
I will finish the journey myself.
I will follow you to the ends of the universe!
I will gladly join you! When will it be?
I will grant your wish with my noble and beautiful Innocent Prince Coord.
I will grasp a Star Premium Rare Coord with my own two hands.
I will have my own special Glitter before you know it!
I will have the last laugh.
I will have to refuse.
I will hold them dear as I venture forth into my future Aikatsu!
I will! I'll shine together with everyone through my performance!
I will! I'll use this performance to shine with everyone!
I will! I'm going to be confident and sing the best I can!
I will, in fact.
I will make tomorrow's concert a success and turn my imagination into reality.
I will make tomorrow's concert a success to turn my imagination into reality.
I will make you perfect.
I will never allow myself to be aroused by the likes of you.
- I will never allow myself to be excited by the likes of you.
- I will never allow you to arouse me.
I will! Nijino Yume, ready to go!
I will not!
I will not accept anything less than joining S4.
I will not allow them to take you captive fuuin sareru no wa yurusanai One for all, and all for one hitori wa minna no tame ni aru minna wa hitori no tame ni One for all, and all for one hitori wa minna no tame ni aru minna wa hitori no tame ni
I will not allow Venus Ark to close down!
I will not be going.
I will not blame you for thinking I'm not taking this fight seriously.
I will not give up on you, nor on becoming an idol.
I will not go!
I will not withdraw!
I will now announce the results.
I will now announce the results for Song Class.
I will now cast a magic spell and create a miracle.
I will now proudly announce the results of this year's competition.
I will now provide a hint.
I will obtain her by any means necessary.
I will obtain my own special Glitter before you know it!
I will, okay?!
I will once again create an unbreachable gap with this tour and become the center of the world.
I will perfect your radiance.
I will plunder it!
I will polish your shine to be perfect.
I will present you with the second hint.
I will pull Theater Class to greater heights in your stead.
I will put forth my utmost to reach the top of Theater Class!
I will quit as an idol!
I will quit being an idol!
- I will retrieve my brand before its debut, no matter what it may take!
I will return momentarily.
I will run the gauntlet in this dress inspired by the noble and beautiful prince.
I will save it with my love of dresses!
I will see it off with my final perfect performance.
I will see it off with one final perfect performance.
I will see my dream through to the end!
I will see this through.
I will! See you later!
I will set off for a new dream, clad in my beloved dress.
I will set off for a new dream, clothed in my beloved dress.
I will shine eternally through this song kono uta de kagayaki tsudzukeru no I will shine eternally through this song kono uta de kagayaki tsudzukeru no I will shine eternally through this song kono uta de kagayaki tsudzukeru no More passionate than any pristine ideal e ni kaita you na risou yori
I will shine eternally through this song kono uta de kagayaki tsudzukeru no I will shine eternally through this song kono uta de kagayaki tsudzukeru no More passionate than any pristine ideal e ni kaita you na risou yori More passionate than any pristine ideal e ni kaita you na risou yori
I will show you the moment my dream is made reality!
I will snatch my brand from your clutches before its debut, no matter what it may take!
I will stand on that stage as an idol.
- I will steal back my brand before its debut, no matter what it may take!
I will steal the idols of this world.
I will strike down any who encroach upon my path by these two hands.
I will strive to win for both myself and for every single person who supports me.
I will take care of any mishaps on stage.
I will take hold of it myself without relying on anyone.
I will take in every perfect idol without leaving a single scrap behind.
I will take my meal out in the sea breeze.
I will! Thank you very much!
I will! This time, I'll be the one to surprise you!
I will trust in your guidance.
I will undoubtedly win the Final Stage.
I will use every ounce of my ability to claim victory!
I will when the time is right.
I win! I win!
I wish!
I wish! But what'll I do if I'm really scouted?
- I wished for this ever since I left for Italy.
- I wished for this the entire time I was in Italy and after too.
I wished to stand on stage in dresses made with my heart's love.
I wish for all of you out there to wear my brand with pride.
I wish for nothing else but to share this happiness with you.
I wish for you to believe in yourself and overcome the raging seas.
I wish for you to witness how well the Sun Dress suits me.
I wish I could, but going on such a popular show makes me feel like I'm going to wake up any second now.
I wish I could see it too...
I wish I could take the stage too.
I wish I could've ridden it.
I wish I could worry about getting scouted too much.
I wish it could be release day already.
I wish it could just be Saturday already.
I wish only for the growth of every student in the academy.
I wish only for the growth of every student of this academy.
I wish release day would come faster.
- I wish to become a master of Dress Make May my daily voice training bear results...
I wish to design a Premium Rare Dress!
I wish to devote myself entirely to making the sun that is Elza shine ever brighter!
I wish to make a dress that is loved by all.
I wish to stand on stage in a dress made with my heart's love from the brand I created.
- I wish to stand on stage wearing a dress I love from the brand I created.
- I wish to stand upon stage wearing a dress I love from the brand I created.
I wish to wait for them if possible.
I wish we could've talked sooner.
I wish you good luck in your Aikatsu.
I wish you healthy and happy Aikatsu.
I wish you luck.
I won!
I wonder about that.
I wondered how I could make a dress of my own that could bring joy to those who see it.
I wonder how far away the Demon Lord's castle is.
I wonder how that happened.
I wonder how that's usually done.
I wonder how Yume-chan's commercial is going.
I wonder how Yume-chan will react.
I wonder if I can reserve more.
I wonder if I'm any closer to Hime-senpai now.
I wonder if I'm straining myself without realizing.
I wonder if it's taking her a while to change.
I wonder if Laura's working hard back at home.
I wonder if Mom and Dad will be here soon.
I wonder if she's not fully recovered yet.
I wonder if she was scared to go on TV.
I wonder if someone who's never been in love can touch anyone's heart through his performance.
I wonder if something's going on.
I wonder if that's this year's new product.
I wonder if they'll be okay.
I wonder if we can even finish it all.
I wonder if we'll get to meet S4.
I wonder if we'll meet S4.
I wonder if we'll see a sea turtle.
I wonder if witnessing my performance won't change your tune.
I wonder. Perhaps that's best left to you and Aria-chan.
I wonder what awaits us in the future.
I wonder what brand it's from.
I wonder what could await I wonder what could await Surprise!
I wonder what fun is, anyway.
I wonder what fun things'll happen today!
I wonder what happened.
I wonder what it'll make!
I wonder what it's about.
I wonder what it's like!
I wonder what it was.
- I wonder what kind of brand I'll have.
I wonder what kind of Christmas party it'll be!
I wonder what Mahiru-chan's wish is.
I wonder what's happening.
I wonder what she's doing.
I wonder what that seat's for.
I wonder what the new Venus Ark is going to be like!
I wonder what these are like.
I wonder what they're like.
I wonder what this year will bring.
I wonder what we'll be doing another year from now.
I wonder what we'll be doing this time next year.
I wonder when exactly.
I wonder when I fell asleep...
I wonder where they got a treasure chest that big.
I wonder where they got them.
I wonder who I should give my chocolate to.
I wonder who it's for.
I wonder who'll win.
I wonder why.
I wonder why we were singled out.
I won't!
I won't.
I won't accept it!
I won't accept that, Laura!
I won't allow it to be closed!
I won't allow it to go as you plan.
I won't back down!
I won't back down no matter what.
I won't be able to see you anymore?
I... won't be able to see you anymore.
I won't be alone.
I won't, don't worry.
I won't ever give up.
I won't forgive you!
I won't give anything less than my full effort for Koharu's sake.
I won't give up!
I won't give up.
I won't give up, no matter what happens.
I won't hold back.
I won't just give up!
I won't let anyone else have my throne!
I won't let her be the only one.
I won't let her have her way with our school!
I won't let it!
I won't let this be the end!
I won't let you beat me!
I won't let you beat me that easily!
I won't lose!
I won't lose.
I won't lose either!
I won't lose next time!
I won't lose next time.
I won't lose to anyone!
I won't lose to my rival in love for Aikatsu!
I won't make a wish, but I'm thinking of writing my goal instead.
I won't make a wish. I think I'm just going to write my goal.
I won today, but there's no telling what might happen next time.
I won't rely on a wish paper.
I won't rely on that mysterious power, and still put on a great show!
I won't run.
I won't shield myself from a single one watashi wa zettai hirumanai yo I won't shield myself from a single one watashi wa zettai hirumanai yo No matter how incredible everyone else is donna ni sugoi hitotachi ga iru no No matter how incredible everyone else is donna ni sugoi hitotachi ga iru no
I won't talk about wanting to be like you ever again.
I won't wait.
I won't wait for you.
I won... with my dress...
I worked hard, but she still didn't look my way...
I worked my butt off, of course.
I worked up a nice sweat!
I work my hardest at Aikatsu every day!
I work my hardest at Aikatsu every day as a top idol in S4!
I work my hardest at my Aikatsu every day.
I would be able to spend the summer with you.
I would be glad to.
I would be very happy!
I would expect no less from you!
I would feel awful if you didn't make it into S4 because you were helping me!
I would like hold a presentation of my own. May I?
I would like to bring more and more excitement to the heart of Aikatsu.
I would like to give the honor of doing it to Reina-chan.
I would like to introduce the idols of Four Star Academy that have come to study Venus Ark's Aikatsu for a short exchange program.
- I would like to introduce you to a very special guest.
I would like to rest.
I would like to reveal the name of the new brand I will be the muse of.
I would like to thank you for keeping relations with Elza.
I would like to thank you for providing Elza company.
I would love for you to attend.
I would love if you could do it!
I would love to don it.
I would love to hear what Aikatsu Elza and her friends have been up to.
I would never allow myself to be aroused in your presence.
I would never allow myself to be excited in your presence.
I would normally recommend reading literature, but for now we must prioritize efficiency.
I would not normally wear one, so it felt quite novel.
I would now like to announce the name of the new brand I will be the muse of.
I would now like to introduce you to a very special guest.
- I would now like to invite a very special guest on stage.
I wouldn't be much of a Song Class admin if I let this get me down.
I wouldn't be so sure.
I wouldn't be so sure about that.
I wouldn't be surprised at any outcome.
I wouldn't be surprised regardless of the outcome of this S4 Selection.
I wouldn't be worthy of the title of student council president if I didn't memorize every student's profile.
I wouldn't blink twice at needing a retake to make a respectable product.
I wouldn't expect someone as responsible as you to oversleep.
I wouldn't get with this guy if my life depended on it.
I wouldn't have guessed.
I wouldn't have it without you, Koharu-chan. Thank you.
I wouldn't hesitate to call it perfect.
I wouldn't put it any other way.
I wouldn't want to be defeated!
- I would prefer if we could hear Elza-san's reasoning straight from her.
- I would prefer if we could hear the reasoning straight from Elza-sama.
I would prefer if we could hear the reasoning straight from Elza-san.
I would simply be a hindrance if I went...
I would want to sing together with my dear childhood friend.
I would want to take a break.
I wrote my feelings on the chocolate, so take a look.
I yearned to be like S4, entered Four Star Academy with Koharu-chan, Doing Aikatsu with our senpai was inspiring and tons of fun.
I yearn for nothing more than to share this happiness with you.
i Y o u r s t o r y Hime-senpai and her dress were both awesome!
i Y o u r s t o r y Thank goodness. That strange power didn't come out today.
Japan!
Japanese games are so fun! I got hooked!
Japanese idols are on such a different level, they may be too baaad to make it.
Japan has such a diversity of traditions.
Japan idols.
Japan's representative Yume Nijino versus England's representative Rola Sakuraba!
- Jasmine T.
Jasmine T.
Jewel Ice Cream.
- Jewel Ice Cream balloon messages from Shiratori Hime-chan - m 377 417 l 625 362 l 770 367 l 792 366 l 838 407 l 842 418 l 826 433 l 795 470 l 373 527 - I want one!!
Jewel Ice Cream Jewel Ice Cream Nijino Yume Good in winter too!
jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Burn!
jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Futaba Aria Futaba Aria That was unbelievable!
jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto I haven't seen Yume have that much fun in a while!
jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto That was a marvelous show.
jiyuu ga fuwa piruetto Wow... just great, Aria-chan!
J.J. Erika J.J. Erika - Ogura Nagisa - Ogura Nagisa - Matsuyama Chigusa - Matsuyama Chigusa - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono
J-Just a passing cat.
J-Just because you got a giant chocolate bar doesn't mean it can even fit in your bag.
J-Just how particular can you be?
J-Just how precise can you be?
J-Just talking to myself!
Jogging? But your work schedule starts first thing in the morning.
Join in if you get the chance.
Join S4!!
- Join S4!! - My dream!
Join us, and we'll catch you some fresh fish...
Join us in putting together a drama of utmost passion.
Judging by Rei-san's advice, is she one too?
Judging by your report cards, Yume-san appears to be weak with kanji.
Judging by your report cards, Yume-san appears to struggle with kanji.
Juli?
Juliet!
Juliet...
Juliet is Lilienne!
Juli-san! Hey, um...
Juli-senpai!
Jumbo ribbon, I think your name was Nijino Ume or something?
Jump and attack the wall you think answers my question correctly.
Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera
Jungle Activities!
Just...
Just a bit more!
Just a bit more...
Just a bit more until I can reach the Sun Dress.
Just about a month has passed since we formed S4.
Just a bout of heat exhaustion.
Just a little dizzy...
Just a little more and we'll have caught up, Laura!
Just a little present for the successor of Spice Chord.
Just a mirror? That's not enough to narrow down from how many our school has.
Just a mirror? There're so many of those on campus.
Just a moment.
Just a moment ago I saw another fairy girl like you get taken away by the Demon Lord, ribbit.
Just as Aikatsu requires a variety of unique traits, a diet needs to be well balanced, don't you think?
Just a short "thank you".
Just as insurance. They still have to get past Beauty Class before us.
Just as she did with me.
Just as soon as these buds open.
Just as there is no night without a dawn, the end of winter signals the birth of spring.
Just as there is no night without dawn, beyond every winter awaits spring.
Just as there is no night without dawn, beyond winter awaits spring.
Just as valuing a variety of unique traits is necessary for Aikatsu, diets should be well-balanced, don't you think?
Just as with your previous invitation, my answer stays the same.
Just as you earned the Sun Dress through meeting Elza-chan and experiencing many different things, I arrived at this dress through meeting Aria-chan and overcoming the obstacles in my way.
Just as you thought, it's dance music.
Just as Yume found Laura, I'll find him too!
Just a touch more...
Just awful. Everyone else is so good already.
Just because Nijino won the First Stage...
Just before we reach the autumn constellations aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni ah
Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the
Just be honest and say you were interested in seeing Mahiru's home.
Just between us, we're not the only adventure pros on this island.
Just between us, we're not the only pro adventurers on this island.
Just buying a book.
Just by changing their makeup, it seems as though their hearts have cleared.
Just by changing the type of cloth or thread color, you'll end up with a completely different dress.
Just by using a different type of cloth or thread color, you'll end up with a completely different dress.
Just call me Yume!
Just call me Yume.
Just calm down. Let's grab ourselves some snacks from the hall.
Just doing Aikatsu alongside you is incredibly educational.
Just do it!
Just don't go overboard.
Just do what you always do.
Just drop the honorifics.
Just eat this bagel sandwich for now.
Just fine. This is usual for her.
Just for fun. Try singing this note.
Just forget it.
Just for insurance. They still have to get past Beauty Class before us.
Just for you.
Just get out of the way, you'll make me late for cram school.
Just give it a shot.
Just how did you raise her?!" Like that!
Just how important it is to interact with people one at a time and to work steadily towards a goal.
- Just how long do you think I've known you?
Just how long do you think we've been together?
Just how will this end?!
Just imagining where your Aikatsu will lead you is truly intriguing.
Just in case!
Just in Song Class, the academy's most individualistic girl Lily-chan is certain to place near the top.
Just in Song Class, the most individualistic girl in the academy Lily-chan is certain to make it to the end.
Just keep it going! That's what anyone from Venus Ark would do.
Just kidding!
Just kidding.
Just kidding. But I am pretty serious about wanting to see it happen.
Just kidding, I'm pulling your leg.
Just know that I'll leave you behind if you slow me down.
Just leave already!
Just leave it to her!
Just leave me alone!
Just leave me alone.
Just leave me behind and escape!
Just let him have this one.
Just let it slide.
Just let me!
Just let me say my line here.
Just like all you viewers out there, all of us are anticipexcited for it!
Just like how in a triathlon you swim, bike, and run, it's a type of super training where you play volleyball, climb cliffs, project your voice, and more!
Just like S4.
Just like that performance...
Just like the sun itself.
Just like they were back then.
Just like with modeling, you need proper posture for singing.
Just like with S4, seeing M4 have their own show makes it feel like that's what makes an idol.
Just like you are now.
Just like you thought, it's dance music.
Just look at all her fans!
Just look at him blush.
Just look at how cleanly it's split.
Just look at how clean the split is.
Just look at Laura-san.
Just look at their stylish walks!
Just look at them play.
Just look at this!
Just look at your piddling rank.
Just looking at it makes me feel full.
Just look up at how beautiful the sky is after the rains stops narande mireta koto ichiban ureshii yo dakara Seeing everything under its light fills me up with so much happiness narande mireta koto ichiban ureshii yo dakara Seeing everything under its light fills me up with so much happiness
Just me and you?!
Just now.
Just now...
Just now, it felt as though all three of us were dancing together.
Just now it felt as though the three of us were dancing together.
Just one?
Just one?!
- Just one last push to her dream.
Just one last try.
Just one more step until I can reach Mother.
Just one more step until I reach Mother.
Just one more time!
Just one phrase, "thank you".
Just one thing.
Just one thing, "thank you".
- Just one ticket for my first live.
Just pretend I didn't warn you and eat one.
Just quit if you don't have the confidence.
Just relax without all the formalities.
Just say "thank you".
Just say what you honestly think!
Just shut up and follow me.
Just so you know, the girls are over that way.
Just take it easy.
Just take these and go.
Just taking a nap.
Just that?!
Just that should fill you with confidence.
Just the guidance I'd expect from our student council president.
Just the other day, Yuzu-senpai held an event for her brand, Shiny Smile.
Just the thought of a girl like her stealing my brand makes me feel faint...
Just the thought of being unable to sing...
Just think about it. We're the only guys surrounded by a field of girls.
Just thinking about it fills me with so much excitement I can't contain it!
Just thinking about it makes it hard to contain my excitement!
Just thinking about it sends a shiver down my spine!
Just thinking of her smile or voice makes your heart race.
Just this?
Just this once!
Just to let you know, it's not only creativity that you are in dire need of.
Just try and catch me!
Just try and get me!
Just wait!
Just wait a second! This is all too sudden.
Just walk your own path.
Just warming up tired her out.
Just watch!
Just watch.
Just... what am I doing?
Just what could've happened to her?
Just what do you think you're doing?!
Just what happened?
Just what is my individuality?!
Just when did you grow those wings, ribbit?
Just when I thought all it was going to do was stare at me, it suddenly opened its wings and gave me a scare!
Just who do you believe I am?
Just... why have I been worrying all this time?
- Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!!
Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!!
- Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!! - Just wipe those tears away and look up to the brilliantly shining sun!!
Just you listen!
Just you wait!
Just you watch!
- Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion - Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion Kaba hippo suika watermelon iruka dolphin ashika sea lion ashika sea lion ashika sea lion You can't read them?!
- Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion - Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion - Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion - Kaba hippo - suika watermelon - Iruka dolphin - ashika sea lion
Kagaku hannou hitori ja toutei umarenai mirakuru tte nanda?
Kagayakitai nanairo ni Let's try to shine like a prism would kagayakitai nanairo ni Let's try to shine like a prism would ame agari no sora wa konna kirei nan da ne Just look up at how beautiful the sky is after the rains stops ame agari no sora wa konna kirei nan da ne
kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Admiration breeds more admiration.
kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou
kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Start Line!
kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face
kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou Start Line!
kako kara mirai e nuriawaseta doresu Each bundle of frills adds to the courage it gives me Each bundle of frills adds to the courage it gives me furiru no kazu dake yuuki wo moteta nara furiru no kazu dake yuuki wo moteta nara The sky just passes by overhead without a word
kanaetai negai wo And embrace it dakishimeteiru And embrace it dakishimeteiru What a reaction. It feels like the whole studio is shaking.
Kanata-kun has my sympathy for being dragged along.
Kanji are to be learned through the body!
Kanji are vital to scoring well.
Karate!
Karate.
Karate has instilled a disciplined character in her that her fans look up to, and you can tell she makes use of it on stage.
Karate is the best!
Karejji... college.
Kasagami-san!
Kasumi can no longer be considered a top model—she is a global supermodel!
- Kasumi family day off.
Kasumi family holiday.
Kasumi Mahiru.
Kasumi Mahiru...
Kasumi Mahiru, as if glimmering light herself.
Kasumi Mahiru-chan New Serial Feature Plan My own regular feature?
Kasumi Mahiru, from the same.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Jasmine T. - Jasmine T.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru How did she ascend that fast?
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru In first, Kasumi Mahiru-chan.
Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru I would like to make an announcement.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru
Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Oh, it's Mahiru-chan.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Plus, they both have the skills to back it up.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Yozora - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Hirose Asuka - Hirose Asuka - Koizumi Chiemi - Koizumi Chiemi Yes!
Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Yozora Mahiru-chan dethroned Yozora-senpai, claiming the top spot for herself.
- Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Satsu Eri - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Kashiwagi Mei -
Kasumi Mahiru, like a radiant light!
Kasumi Mahiru, like a radiant light.
Kasumi Mahiru Mahiru!
Kasumi Mahiru, right?
Kasumi Mahiru Sakuraba Laura Saotome Ako Nijino Yume And there we have it. The members chosen to perform Aikatsu Island opening show...
Kasumi Mahiru-san has a bright future ahead of her.
Kasumi Mahiru-san took first place.
Kasumi Mahiru's sense for Dress Make is stunning.
- Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson - Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson - Mahiru's 30 days of good coords - Mahiru's 30 days of good coords - Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson - Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson - Mahiru's 30 days of good coords - Mahiru's 30 days of good coords
Kasumi Mahiru Yes, come in.
Kasumi-san.
Kasumi-san, Shiratori-san, please come this way.
Kasumis, bravo!
Kasumi Sister Faceoff.
Kasumi Yozora!
Kasumi Yozora.
Kasumi Yozora is my inspiration!
Kasumi Yozora is someone constantly aspiring to improve herself!
Kasumi Yozora is worthy of respect.
Kasumi Yozora Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Hirose Asuka - Hirose Asuka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Yozora The top is Kasumi Mahiru!
Kasumi Yozora Kisaragi Tsubasa Saotome Ako Shiratori Hime Sakuraba Laura Dance Beauty - Theater - Song Nikaidou Yuzu Haruka☆Luka Kasumi Mahiru Kisaragi Tsubasa Sakuraba Laura Dance Beauty - Theater - Song Nikaidou Yuzu Haruka☆Luka Kasumi Mahiru Kisaragi Tsubasa Sakuraba Laura - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kisaragi Tsubasa
Kasumi Yozora, like a glimmering star!
Kasumi Yozora, like a glimmering star.
Kasumi Yozora-san!
Kasumi Yozora-san is on the set.
Kasumi Yozora-san, Shiratori Hime-san, come on down!
Katsu!
- KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan - Defeat! Onee-chan - KATSUAI - Defeat! Onee-chan
KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI
KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI KATSUAI Okay!
Katsura-senpai, please make it through alive!
Katsura-senpai said she'd be returning to school soon.
Katsura-senpai said that she'd be returning to school soon.
Kaunto foo de Magic And imagine a wonderland with me rizumu awasete Jumpin' todoketai yo Happiness kiseki mitai na Music Rock Rock Girls!
kawaita kono kouya no hate e To the very ends of the barren wasteland kawaita kono kouya no hate e Singing on utainagara Singing on utainagara Singing on utainagara - Heaven and Earth sharing a romance - ten to chi ga koi wo shite - Heaven and Earth sharing a romance - ten to chi ga koi wo shite
- Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru
- Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri
- Keep adding ones until you reach infinity - 1 + 1 ga mugen ni natteku - Keep adding ones until you reach infinity - 1 + 1 ga mugen ni natteku One, two, three, four is magic wan tsuu surii foo no Magic One, two, three, four is magic
Keep at it, Laura.
Keep at it, Yume!
- Keep - cooking!
Keeping her own opinions pure while also taking in your ideas must've been for the same reason.
Keep it to yourself. I have no need for your kendo teachings.
Keep it up!
Keep it up and you may be cast in that seasonal drama sooner than expected.
Keep it up, Yozora-chan!
Keep it within reason.
Keep on creating miracles!
Keep on creating your own miracles!
Keep on walking.
Keep playing around with different designs until you find a style you like.
Keep telling yourself how splendid you are, and one day you'll be right.
Keep that in mind and take it from the top.
Keep that in mind for the announcements.
Keep that in your own room!
Keep your breathing steady.
Keep your eyes open for a line of dresses filled with dreams made to bring a smile to your face.
Keep your eyes open for a line of dresses filled with dreams, made to bring a smile to your face.
Keep your snark to yourself!
Kendo!
Kendo.
Kendo is.
Kendo is the best!
Kendo knows neither country nor border.
Kendo knows no country or border.
Key points?
Kibou wo sasu konpasu sanbyaku rokujuu do guru guru The compass pointing to hope spins three-hundred-sixty degrees Okay!
Kibou wo sasu konpasu sanbyaku rokujuu do guru guru The compass pointing to hope spins three-hundred-sixty degrees subete no kanousei ga fune wo yobu Every possibility calls the boat ai ni yukou tokimeki ni ai ni yukou Let's set sail, set sail looking for adventure suiheisen ga kirari to hikatta
Kick!
- Kick it up!
Kids love you, so those all sound perfect.
Kimi no chikara ga hitsuyou nan da yo That means they had to find time to practice despite their busy schedules.
- Kimi wo Lock on - Locked on to you!
Kinou mo kyou mo kirameite ashita mo tanoshimi day The last two days have glimmered, I can't wait to see tomorrow kinou mo kyou mo kirameite ashita mo tanoshimi day The last two days have glimmered, I can't wait to see tomorrow koko made oide Come over here and join me
kinou no teki sae mirai no nakama sa Yesterday's enemies are tomorrow's friends happii tsukamu ikikata sa Go and grab your happy life Go go let's go!
Kira Kanata, you jerk!
Kira Kira City Christmas Event Plan Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Let's make a fun Christmas for everyone!
Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery FRAGILE Don't tell me it's for the ship!
- Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery
- Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery
Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery Kirakira Delivery
- Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery - Kirakira Delivery Thank you for your patience!
Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Indeed.
Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night
Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Splendid, I'm sure. Do as you like.
- Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Ako-chan - Rei-san - Laura - Aria-chan - Mahiru-chan - Kirara-chan - Various Santas? - Lovely presents - What kind? - What wrapping? - Big Christmas Tree - Let's do our best!
- Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion
- Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night - Venue - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning
- Kirakira Park - Kirakira Park It looks like a normal park.
- Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping
- Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping
- Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping - Kira Kira Shipping Kira Kira Shipping Wh-What is all this?!
Kira KiraShopping If our plaza is enough for you, then please feel free.
Kira Kira Thank you very much.
- Kira Kira Unit Cup Grasp victory through your passionate bond with your partner! Entry Requirements Calling all existing or former duo units of idols who think their friendship can't be beat!! You can shine brighter than all the rest! Show off your bond! - Kira Kira Unit Cup Grasp victory through your passionate bond with your partner! Entry Requirements Calling all existing or former duo units of idols who think their friendship can't be beat!! You can shine brighter than all the rest! Show off your bond!
- Kira Kira Unit Cup Grasp victory through your passionate bond with your partner! Entry Requirements Calling all existing or former duo units of idols who think their friendship can't be beat!! You can shine brighter than all the rest! Show off your bond! - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
kirameku sekai ni apuroochi Set forth towards a brilliant world kirameku sekai ni apuroochi Dash with all the might of your small body chiisana karada de mou dasshu Dash with all the might of your small body chiisana karada de mou dasshu Look to become miraikei no Look to become
kirameku taiyou mieta!!
Kirara!
Kirara?
Kirara.
Kirara...
Kirara, Aria.
Kirara, Aria...
Kirara, Aria, and myself also earned our own.
Kirara, Aria, I need your help with something.
Kirara can see the sparklies just shooting off you, Tsubasa-chan!
Kirara-chan!
Kirara-chan?
Kirara-chan?!
Kirara-chan.
Kirara-chan Ako-chan Fan club Elza-sama...
Kirara-chan, can Caroline really find it?
Kirara-chan got a huge boost to her Aikatsu Ranking.
Kirara-chan had the Milky Venus Coord.
Kirara-chan has fans all around the world.
Kirara-chan has Mercury, Elza-san has Venus, and Laura has Mars.
Kirara-chan knows how to keep everyone on their toes.
Kirara-chan, let's do our best.
Kirara-chan means a lot to you.
Kirara-chan was supposed to appear at her event today, but she's stuck in traffic and might not be able to make it in time.
Kirara-chan, we aren't playing around.
Kirara-chan, we're not here to play.
Kirara-chan, you had me worried at first because of how unconstrained you are.
Kirara did something baaad!
Kirara doesn't know!
Kirara found one too!
Kirara, from now on you are to do whatever Aikatsu you please.
Kirara is doing it for Elza-san, and that in itself is not necessarily bad.
Kirara is loved by many and has fans all over the world.
Kirara is loved by many, and has fans all over the world.
Kirara just saw something that looked like a treasure box!
Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria
Kirara loves stuff like that!
Kiraran!
Kirara, open the door.
Kirara, return to your position.
Kirara-sama has locked herself in her room.
Kirara-san, Rei-san...
Kirara-san says that it's some kind of wonderful party!
Kirara saw a couple of sparklies in her too.
Kirara's dream is the kind you have at night.
Kirara's gonna blow you away with her show too!
Kirara's gonna make it to the Final Tournament and make Elza-sama proud!
Kirara's gonna take part in an audition! Look!
Kirara's got an off day for the first time in a super duper long time!
Kirara's greatest weakness is her cooking.
Kirara's here too!
Kirara's love for Elza-sama is much stronger!
Kirara's mad she lost!
Kirara's making sure to be a good, supportive senpai to her, Elza-sama!
Kirara's ready!
Kirara's white tee coord is fluffy and puffy!
Kirara, The Fluffy Idol.
Kirara too!
Kirara wants in too!
Kirara wants to act too!
Kirara wants to have way more sweet dreams with Ako-chan!
Kirara wants to sing up here too!
Kirara wants to spin some too!
Kirara was just playing a game.
Kirara will be there too!
Kirara worked hard! My name's on there for sure!
Kirara, you don't like it?
kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we
kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations Just before we reach the autumn constellations
kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida
Kisaragi!
Kisaragi, demonstrate.
Kisaragi gave me the details.
Kisaragi has been chosen as the lead in NHK's next yearlong period drama.
Kisaragi is waiting for you.
Kisaragi Tsubasa.
Kisaragi Tsubasa Did something happen?
Kisaragi Tsubasa, holding nothing back!
Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Kisaragi Tsubasa International Movie Lead Did you all notice the sports cars racing around the stage?
Kisaragi Tsubasa Kisaragi Tsubasa Kisaragi Tsubasa Kisaragi Tsubasa I couldn't win.
- Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa Saotome Ako Saotome Ako Sakamoto Arisa Sakamoto Arisa
Kisaragi Tsubasa of S4 will go at the end.
Kisaragi Tsubasa of Theater Class.
Kisaragi Tsubasa, putting my life on the line!
Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song
- Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu
Kisaragi Tsubasa-senpai belongs to the cool Spice Chord.
- Kisaragi Tsubasa - Tsubasa-senpai?!
kiseki issho ni tobou Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed,
Kiseki no you na monogatari tsubasa ga kimi wo matteru Lovely! Knowing you're not alone is simply lovely!
- Kitten's trial by fire!
- Kitten's trial by fire! - Kitten's trial by fire!
- Kitten's trial by fire! - Kitten's trial by fire! - Kitten's trial by fire! - Kitten's trial by fire!
kitto sakasetai It surely yearns to sprout kitto sakasetai It surely yearns to sprout kitto sakasetai It surely yearns to sprout kitto sakasetai It surely yearns to sprout dakara knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock
Kitto watashi rashiku stars!
Kizaki Rei and Hanazono Kirara!
Kizaki Rei and Hanazono Kirara blow clean past the competition!
Kizaki Rei Elza!
Kizaki Rei—Everything is for Elza!
Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Hanazono Kirara Hanazono Kirara Takanami Honami Takanami Honami Fashion Show Results Fashion Show Results Are the same two clear victors!
Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara Yay!
Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei
Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei Rei...
- Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura
- Kizaki Rei - Kizaki Rei - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Futaba Aria - Futaba Aria - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Jasmine T. - Jasmine T.
Kizaki Rei Kizaki Rei She jumped into fifth!
- Kizaki Rei-san from Venus Ark is going to hold a debut show for her new brand!
Kizaki Rei-san is unfortunately unable to join us.
Kizaki Rei-san's cooking was particularly impressive.
Kizaki Rei-san, you once went on hiatus at the height of your fame.
Kizaki Rei-san, you were once a famous model in your own right before going on hiatus.
Kizaki Rei's Oath.
Kizaki Rei's Oath Kizaki Rei's Oath Kizaki Rei's Oath Fight!
Kizaki Rei Yah-ho! Rei-chan, we're coming in.
Kizaki-san the delinquent!
K-Keep them in check.
K-Kiddies, my good friend Kasumi Mahiru-chan has just come running...
K-Koharu-chan's unbelievable.
K-Kyoharu?!
Kneeling to nothing, defying all adversity!
Knock 'em dead!
Knock it off, you two.
Knowing Laura, she should be able to find the answer that's right for her.
Knowing that, what's the point in competing?
Knowing that, what's the point in even competing?
Knowing what is right and not doing it is a want of courage.
Knowing you, you've been training the entire time you were on leave.
Knowing Yume, she's certain to be woken up by the sound of her growling stomach.
Knowing Yuzu-sama, she's been building up an extraordinary idea in her head!
Knowing Yuzu-sama, she's trying to push an extraordinary idea out of her head!
Knowledge, stamina, and luck.
k n o w n p e e j i w o m e k u r u t a b i n i s h i r a n a i k i m o c h i w o k u r e r u B e h
Know what?
Koala cotton candy. The best part is all the different colors.
Ko-cafe proposes to mix Eastern spirit with Western vigor into a completely new type of café.
Ko-cafe proposes to mix the Eastern spirit with Western vigor into a completely new type of cafe.
Koharu!
Koharu?!
Koharu.
Koharu, are you all right?
Koharu-chan!
Koharu-chan?
Koharu-chan?!
Koharu-chan.
Koharu-chan...
Koharu... chan...
Koharu-chan already left.
Koharu-chan and everyone else brought me here.
Koharu-chan and everyone else led me here.
Koharu-chan and I are drawing up plans for a new Rainbow Berry Parfait event.
Koharu-chan and I are right in the middle of planning a new event for Rainbow Berry Parfait.
Koharu-chan and Mahiru-chan are in charge of costume design.
Koharu-chan, are you all right?
Koharu-chan! Are you sure?
- Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Nijino-san.
- Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party - Koharu-chan
Koharu-chan Bon Voyage Party Koharu-chan Bon Voyage Party Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume on Stage on Stage I want to put on the best
- Koharu-chan - Bon voyage Party Koharu-chan Koharu-chan Bon voyage Party Bon voyage Party We set up a surprise party for you since you're leaving on a journey.
Koharu-chan, can I give it a try?
Koharu-chan, can you keep up?
Koharu-chan! Come in.
Koharu-chan! Could you grab a small hand mirror from the props?
Koharu-chan, do you remember being on stage during the concert?
Koharu-chan, do you remember when you were on stage during the concert?
Koharu-chan gave me the push I needed.
Koharu-chan gave that to me!
Koharu-chan! Hurry up!
Koharu-chan, I feel lost and lonely.
Koharu-chan, I feel so lonely and anxious.
Koharu-chan, if you pass the audition, then you'll be able to act with Yozora-senpai!
Koharu-chan, if you pass the audition, you'll be able to act with Yozora-senpai!
Koharu-chan, I like the way you look.
Koharu-chan?! Is that really you, Koharu-chan?
Koharu-chan, it's almost time for Song Class's S4 Selection.
Koharu-chan, it's been forever!
Koharu-chan! Koharu-chan!
- Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Dear Yume-chan - Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - Koharu - Koharu - Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Dear Yume-chan - Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident
- Koharu-chan - Koharu-chan - Dear Yume-chan - Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise. - Koharu - Koharu Koharu-chan Koharu-chan Dear Yume-chan Dear Yume-chan - I'll come to see you once I feel confident enough. I promise.
Koharu-chan, Lily-senpai!
Koharu-chan said she'd come back to us once she feels she's grown enough.
Koharu-chan said she'd come back to us once she's confident enough in herself.
Koharu-chan, say a few words.
- Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's
- Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Koharu-chan's Four Star Highlights - Slide Show - Slide Show Please enjoy!
Koharu-chan's told us all about you, Mahiru-chan.
Koharu-chan, that uniform!
Koharu-chan told us all about you, Mahiru-chan.
Koharu-chan, we also have a present for you.
Koharu-chan, we have a present for you too.
Koharu-chan, where are you?
Koharu-chan! You all...
- Koharu-chan, you really make that uniform.
Koharu-chan, you're looking well.
Koharu-chan, Yozora-senpai's show already started.
Koharu-chan, Yozora-senpai's show's started already.
Koharu, could you lend me a hand for a bit?
Koharuderella!
Koharuderella...
Koharu deserves nothing less than my full effort.
Koharu, didn't you say you could draw?
Koharu! Hand that pumpkin to me right this instant!
Koharu has said how much seeing your performances encourage her as well.
Koharu, I believe you had a hand in that?
Koharu, I believe you had a hand in this?
Koharu, I believe you were supporting her?
Koharu... I'll remember that!
Koharu It looks like you were working hard until late, but don't push yourself too much.
Koharu... it's time.
Koharu Koharu-chan?
Koharu Koharu Hey...
Koharu Koharu Yeah, I'll be waiting.
Koharu leaving must have been a huge shock in itself, but then she couldn't finish that song for her.
Koharu! Lily!
Koharu! Lily-senpai!
Koharu Nanakura!
Koharu Nanakura.
Koharu Nanakura, if you would.
Koharu one-upped all of us today.
Koharu our best show ever!
- Koharu - Our hearts will always - be as one, Yume-chan.
Koharu, ready to go again tomorrow!
Koharu, ready to go starting tomorrow!
Koharu's said that your performances kept her going too.
Koharu, take care of yourself.
Koharu! Thanks.
- Koharu Thanks, Koharu-chan. That got the butterflies out of my stomach.
Koharu was good at stuff like this.
Koharu was really good at stuff like this.
Koharu, why don't you eat something?
Koharu, why not have something to eat?
Koharu will certainly be reliable.
Koharu will surely be reliable.
Koharu, you just got a gig with a fashion magazine too, didn't you?
- Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume
- Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume Yume Nijino!
koko made oide Come over here and join me - mou mattenaide tonjaouka - I'm tired of waiting, it's time to fly - Mou mattenaide tonjaouka - I'm tired of waiting, it's time to fly - Kimi wa daijoubu - Don't worry, you'll be fine - Kimi wa daijoubu - Don't worry, you'll be fine
kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida Just before we reach the
kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain I can't contain this overflowing pain
kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite
kokoro ga odoridashiteyuku yo I'll self-produce just the way I want omou mama ni serufu purodyuusu I'll self-produce just the way I want omou mama ni serufu purodyuusu We may each have our differences hitori hitori chigau kedo We may each have our differences hitori hitori chigau kedo But we're connected by
kokoro hitotsu ni shite utainarasou Let's sing together issho ni utaou Let's sing together issho ni utaou I did my very best!
kokoro hitotsu ni shite utainarasou Let's sing together issho ni utaou Let's sing together issho ni utaou Laura's dress... got wings!
kokoro hitotsu ni shite utainarasou Let's sing together issho ni utaou Let's sing together issho ni utaou Look at this audience.
kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru I can't contain this feeling in my heart kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru I can't contain this feeling in my heart kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru A new sound is born reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru A new sound is born
kokorozashi takaku - Let's go!! - Let's go!!
Konkyou wa iranai!
Koukadou, huh.
- Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Powerful Race - Powerful Race - Powerful Race The Powerful Race Stage!
- Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Don't be shy!
- Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Koukadou - Taiyaki - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Please, come over and give it a try!
Koukadou With the town so empty, how will she pass out all that taiyaki?
koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou
koukishin ni kokoru hazumeba Become the person only you can be daremo mane dekinai jibun ni nare Become the person only you can be daremo mane dekinai jibun ni nare - Let's go to see the place nobody's ever seen before - mita koto mo nai keshiki mi ni ikou
koukishin ni kokoru hazumeba Become the person only you can be daremo mane dekinai jibun ni nare Become the person only you can be daremo mane dekinai jibun ni nare Let's go to see the place nobody's ever seen before mita koto mo nai keshiki mi ni ikou Let's go to see the place
kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete
kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms
Kyaa, I'm so happy!
Kya! The Warning!
kyonen no imagoro to marude chigau keshiki na no The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year kyonen no imagoro to marude chigau keshiki na no It makes me feel like I can do anything nandatte dekichau kibun da yo It makes me feel like I can do anything
l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 I already have a detailed life plan.
l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500
Lacking?
Lacking passion, lacking ambition, simply wandering along a paved road.
Lacking... Subaru-kyun thinks I'm lacking...
Ladies.
Ladies and gentlemen!
Ladies, are you here for a tour of the school?
Ladies, do be aware that Forte-sama will be visiting today.
Ladies, I am terribly sorry, but I must ask that you return only after making a proper appointment.
Ladies, prepare to disembark.
Lady Forte is in fact the mother of Elza Forte-san.
Lady Luck is known to be fickle.
La la la la let our music resound!
La La La La narihibike Music!!!
Land!
Language arts, math, and English.
Last big event of the year!
Last but not least, Shirogane Lily-san.
Lastly is the "How much do you like me?" contest!
- Last-Minute Live!
Last-Minute Live!
Last night, I ended up training for far too long...
Last night, Yuzu had gooey fluffy omelette rice for dinner!
Last place is out.
Last up is Nijino Yume. Come on!
Last year, it was Ashida Yuri.
Last year's Koukadou Campaign Girl, Nikaidou Yuzu!
Last year's Koukadou Campaign Girl, Nikaido Yuzu!
Last year was Ashida Yuri.
Later.
Later, and good luck.
Later than I would've liked.
Later then. Good luck.
Latte Art Latte Art Latte Art Latte Art A kappa?
Latte Art Latte Art Latte Art Latte Art It took you long enough.
- Latte Art - Latte Art - Latte Art - Latte Art What is this?
Laura!
Laura?
Laura?!
Laura.
Laura...
Laura, above you!
Laura! Ako-chan!
Laura and...
Laura and Aria-chan will make the presents.
Laura and I might be fierce rivals, but before that we're close friends!
Laura and Lily-senpai, why don't you sit and have tea with us?
Laura and Mahiru are miles ahead at this point.
Laura and Mahiru-chan, you guys got a slot for the school's mini-theater, right?
Laura and Mahiru-chan, you guys got a slot for the school's small theater, right?
- Laura - An Only One Idol! Go for S4!
- Laura An Only One Idol! Go for S4!
Laura, are you okay?
Laura beat Lily-senpai!
Laura believes in me.
Laura-chan!
Laura-chan and Yume-chan, right?
Laura-chan and Yume-chan, were they?
Laura-chan. I heard she's an idol.
Laura-chan is calling my name!
Laura-chan isn't going to lose!
Laura-chan is the coolest!
Laura-chan, right?
Laura-chan's awesome!
Laura-chan's going too!
Laura-chan's was the coolest ever!
Laura-chan, we'll drive you back to the academy in our van.
Laura-chan, your performance today was wonderful.
Laura, congrats!
Laura, congrats on winning!
Laura could go on for much longer.
Laura, did you apply already?
Laura, did you forget anything?
Laura, did you see? I finished my concert without relying on that mysterious power.
Laura earned it from her own hard work.
Laura earned it with her own hard work.
Laura, get ready on standby.
Laura. Good evening.
Laura, good morning.
Laura! Good morning.
Laura had a meeting with Hime-senpai yesterday too.
Laura, hang in there!
Laura has begun to move on.
Laura! How'd you know?
Laura, hurry up!
Laura, I'll join in and help the first-years too.
Laura, I'll lend you a hand for them too.
Laura is my precious friend and rival.
Laura is serious.
Laura is strong! Both mentally and physically.
Laura I want to be more of a gallant idol.
Laura! I will!
Laura, Koharu-chan, let's take the audition!
Laura, Koharu-chan, thanks for coming.
Laura Laura - Ako - Laura - Ako - Laura Koharu Koharu kono mune no naka ni watashi no naka ni aru Good day. The time we spent together served well to polish my perfection even more.
Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura
Laura Laura Laura Laura Then why can't I beat Yume?
Laura Laura Sorry, Yume Sorry, Yume "Sorry, Yume. Pulling off that amazing show got me too hyped!
Laura left on a journey to find herself?
Laura, lend me your strength.
Laura, let me row.
Laura, let's keep at it together!
Laura, Lily-senpai, why don't you sit and have tea with us?
- Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Ako-chan - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Ako-chan - Ako-chan - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Everyone from Four Star Academy, welcome to Venus Ark!
- Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Laura - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- LAURA - m 846 111 l 1033 113 l 1035 227 l 939 204 l 939 198 b 940 194 940 191 939 187 l 938 181 l 936 177 l 932 165 l 914 163 l 905 172 l 900 187 l 901 196 l 903 204 l 891 199 l 872 233 l 821 232
Laura! Mahiru-chan.
Laura! Mahiru-chan and Ako-chan too.
Laura, Mahiru-chan, and I ended up in a short-term exchange program to bolster our Aikatsu.
Laura, Mahiru-chan! Morning!
- Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru
- Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event An event with Laura-chan and Mahiru-chan has got to be interesting.
Laura & Mahiru Special Event Laura & Mahiru Special Event Laura & Mahiru Special Event Come see us Laura and Mahiru are holding a special event! Be sure to come and see!
- Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event - Laura & Mahiru Special Event
Laura matched her dress to the stadium stage.
Laura! Perfect timing.
Laura picked a dress that matched the stadium stage.
Laura, please lend me a bit of your strength.
Laura Red Riding Hood was a ton of fun too!
Laura Riding Hood was a ton of fun too!
Laura said she's shipping her belongings over this week too.
Laura said she was shipping her belongings off this week too.
Laura Sakuraba. I knew she was blessed with a talent for singing...
Laura Sakuraba. I knew she was blessed with singing...
Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Maruyama Sakura - Maruyama Sakura - Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Nijino Yume -
Laura-san?
Laura-san should now be able to determine what is required of her.
Laura-san should now have the ability to determine what is required of her.
Laura-san, would you like to visit a hot spring?
Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri
Laura's been invited to sing at all sorts of events.
Laura's being invited to sing at all sorts of events.
Laura's completely different than before.
Laura's dress was really cool and perfect for her stage.
Laura, see you later!
Laura-senpai.
Laura sold x tickets to her concert, but still has y left over.
Laura's so cute.
Laura's totally conquered her fear!
Laura surprised everyone when she got her own Star Premium Rare Coord after her performance.
Laura surprised everyone when she got her own Star Premium Rare Coord on stage.
Laura's working hard too.
Laura! Thanks.
Laura too?
Laura, wanna grab lunch with me?
Laura was...
Laura was fantastic, so I've gotta make sure to match her.
Laura, we'll leave this to you.
Laura, we should hold a Christmas concert too!
Laura, what are you doing?
Laura, what did you need so late at night?
Laura, what happened to you?
Laura, when did you ever find the time to practice?
Laura, when did you ever find the time to prepare?
Laura, where are you?
Laura! Where have you been?
Laura will pass for sure.
Laura, you did it!
Laura, you look like a weight's been lifted from your shoulders.
Laura, you're on sound, right?
Laura... you're right!
Laura, you're up next.
Laura, you seem off.
Leading off is a Song Class first-year, Sakuraba Laura-chan.
Leading the pack is the pair from Shiny Academy.
Leading us off is Yozora, Tsubasa, and Mahiru's unit!
Lead Role Nijino Yume They held a lottery, and somehow I ended up playing the lead role.
Learn everything you can, get experience, and be certain to return home.
Learn great things, grow wiser, and be certain to return home.
- Leave advertising and anything else to us. Right?
Leave if your business is through.
Leave it all to me!
Leave it to me!
Leave it to me.
Leave it to us!
Leave it to Yuzu!
Leave me.
Leave me alone.
Leave no regrets.
Leave that to us!
Leave the cleaning to the janitors!
Leave them be. In any case, have you procured the gymnasium's candy?
Leave them to us!
Leave the omelettes to me.
Leave the pop music questions to me!
Legit cray!
Legit cray.
Legs hurt...
Lend me your strength.
Lend them your help.
Lessons are important, but nothing compares to the real thing.
- Lesson with Kirara @Four Star Academy - Article Interview - Lesson with Kirara @Four Star Academy - Article Interview - Script Reading - Lesson with Kirara @Four Star Academy - Drama Recording - November 24 Hey, Ako-chan. Can we go through it one more time?
Lesson with Kirara @Four Star Academy Honestly...
Let catnip light a fire in your hearts!
Let Four Star Academy's Christmas party...
Let her have it, right? Elza-sama told me.
- Let her know, Saya. Tell her great Yume-chan is.
Let her know, Saya. Tell her how great Yume-chan is.
Let it all kabloom!
Let it all out with a kabloom!
Let it rest for the next week.
Let Kirara come too!
Let Kirara in!
Let me borrow your helicopter!
Let me get my revenge!
Let me go!
Let me handle it!
Let me introduce you. This is our station's image character, Fufufu-kun.
Let me join you!
Let me see.
Let me see...
Let me tell you something about those.
Let me think.
Let me think...
Let me think, a good unit name...
Let me think, if I were to liken your acting so something...
Let me think, if I were to liken your acting to something...
Let me think, what should we call it...
Let Nijino on stage as a surprise guest for you encore tonight.
Let Nijino on stage as a surprise guest for your encore tonight.
Let's Aikatsu!
Let's Aikatsu.
Let's Aikatsu hard!
Let's Aikatsu hard, just like Rock!
Let's Aikatsu hard, just like the Rock Rock Girls!
Let's Aikatsu together!
Let's Aikatsu tomorrow too!
Let's aim for it together!
Let's aim to become the first-star idol with our eyes on a new goal!
Let's all begin thinking of what to write.
Let's all come back here one day!
Let's all do our best!
Let's all go have some fun!
Let's all go see it together!
Let's all indulge together!
Let's all pack together!
Let's all ride in one.
Let's all take it easy together!
Let's all treasure our individuality and devote ourselves to Aikatsu.
Let's all work hard at our Aikatsu.
Let's all work hard together...
Let's all work hard towards our goals together!
Let's always work hard for our dreams together.
Let's ask her about her thoughts on the search for S.
Let's ask our brave S4 contestants how they feel about this harsh trial.
Let's at least go on the first shrine visit together...
- Let's at least visit a shrine together...
Let's bake it together.
Let's become Best Friends!
Let's begin the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament First Stage!
Let's begin the rehearsal.
Let's begin this year's Aikatsu!
Let's blind them with our radiance, little sister.
Let's blind them with the radiance of sisters.
Let's blitz on through to the very end!
Let's blow our viewers away.
Let's both Aikatsu to the best of our abilities.
Let's both be FuwaFuwa Dream's muses!
Let's both go on in Premium Rare Dresses.
Let's both keep working hard at our Aikatsu.
Let's both work hard.
Let's breathe some life into Song Class!
Let's breathe some new life into Song Class!
Let's bust on through to the very end!
Let's call it a wrap. We can't thank you enough.
Let's call it Oriental Laura!
- Let's carve a path to the theater!
Let's check it out!
Let's check it out.
Let's check out how Mahiru-chan is doing.
Let's check them out, Koharu-chan.
Let's clean up, on the double!
Let's combine everything we've built up and make sure to win tomorrow.
Let's combine our abilities and make sure to win tomorrow.
- Let's connect it all the way to the theater!
Let's continue to grow so that the next time we meet will be on the world stage.
Let's cross the seven-colored rainbow together!
Let's cross together.
Let's dance together again soon.
Let's dancing!
Let's dash!
Let's decided on a unit name.
Let's decide on a unit name.
Let's definitely, definitely make it the best show ever!
Let's deliver our Christmas song to everyone!
Let's dig in!
Let's dig in before it cools.
Let's do it!
Let's do it, Koharu-chan!
Let's do it one last time from the top.
Let's do our best!
Let's do our best.
Let's do our best and work hard for the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament!
Let's do our best, Mahiru-chan.
Let's do some special training before tomorrow's audition!
Let's do that and get back into it!
Let's do this!
Let's do this.
Let's do this, Kirara.
Let's do this, Yume!
Let's dream all sorts of new dreams, the two of us together.
Let's dream sweet dreams together!
Let's drive those demons out by shouting our feelings and throwing beans!
Let's eat!
Let's eat together.
Let's Elzacise!
Let's enjoy a long chat about it afterwards.
Let's enter Fall Fest together!
Let's enter right away.
Let's enter S4!
- Let's Envelop Everyone in the Aikastu Ring!! - Let's Envelop Everyone in the Aikastu Ring!!
Let's envelop everyone in the Aikatsu...
Let's envelop everyone in the Aikatsu ring!
"Let's envelop everyone in the Aikatsu ring." Right!
Let's face each other at full power again.
Let's fight fair and square during next week's S4 Selection.
Let's fight to the best of our ability.
Let's fight with everything we have.
Let's find all sorts of new dreams, the two of us together.
Let's find splendid S's!
Let's finish this off by playing the backing track and going at concert tempo.
Let's finish this up right!
Let's form a band together!
Let's get along.
Let's get a move on.
Let's get back to our own Aikatsu!
Let's get baking!
Let's get everything ready.
Let's get into S4!
Let's get into S4 together!
Let's get prepping!
Let's get pumped and do this!
Let's get right down to picking a partner for me!
Let's get right into question one!
Let's get right into recording.
Let's get right into the rehearsal!
Let's get serious!
Let's get some sexy lighting on!
Let's get started!
Let's get started right away.
Let's get started with your model lessons!
Let's get straight to the point and pick a partner for me!
Let's get the finals on the road!
Let's get this started.
Let's get this TV Winner show started.
Let's get to it!
Let's get to it.
Let's give her a round of applause!
Let's give her the devotion she deserves!
Let's give it a whirl.
Let's give it one more try!
Let's give this a shot! You too, Koharu!
- Let's go!
Let's go!
Let's go.
Let's go! Aikatsu rock-paper-scissors shoot!
Let's go and raise the roof!
Let's go! ashita e issho ni issho ni Let's go to tomorrow together, together Let's go! ashita e issho ni issho ni Let's go to tomorrow together, together Say ho! niji made todoke utagoe Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with a song Say ho! niji made todoke utagoe
Let's go! ashita e issho ni issho ni Let's go to tomorrow together, together Say ho! niji made todoke utagoe Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with a song Let's go! mirai e issho ni issho ni Let's go to the future together, together Say ho! niji made tokode omoi yo
Let's go ask him right now then!
Let's go buy postcards to return the greetings later. I need some for myself, too.
Let's go check it out!
Let's Go Curry?
Let's Go Curry Ice!
Let's go find shelter!
Let's go from the top one more time.
Let's go, girls!
Let's go, girls.
Let's Go Hamburg Curry Ice!
Let's go hand them out.
Let's go have lunch.
- Let's go! - Let's go!
- Let's go!! - Let's go!!
Let's go, Mahiru!
Let's go on a search because it's show time!
Let's go on for all the fans cheering us on!
Let's go on together, Koharu-chan!
Let's go over everything from the beginning.
Let's go secure a water source first.
Let's go see a live idol!
Let's go through the balcony scene one more time!
Let's go together until the end of time.
- Let's go to see the place nobody's ever seen before - mita koto mo nai keshiki mi ni ikou Our adventure is starting bouken ga hajimaru yo Our adventure is starting bouken ga hajimaru yo It's just new world It's just new world It's just new world It's just new world
Let's go to the future together, together Say ho! niji made todoke omoi yo Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with emotion Say ho! niji made todoke omoi yo Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with emotion kono yume wa hitotsu ja nai hitori ja nai This dream isn't by
Let's Go to Venus Ark!
Let's go with a more energetic pose next.
Let's go with true.
Let's grab a bite to eat.
Let's G☆ to Venus Ark!
Let's have everyone introduce their works.
Let's have everyone present their works.
Let's have lots of fun Let's have lots of fun I brought Yuzu's special donut and pudding. Eat up!
Let's have lunch together, Koharu.
Let's have sweet dreams together!
Let's have the first in the lineup begin her walk!
Let's have them draw lots for their teams. Go ahead.
Let's have the next challenger take her place!
Let's head for our favorite places suki na tokoro e mukaou - Throw your hands out like they're wings and strike a pose - hane wo hirogeru you ni ryoute agete poozu kimetara - Throw your hands out like they're wings and strike a pose - hane wo hirogeru you ni ryoute agete poozu kimetara
Let's head in.
Let's head on to the second task.
Let's head out for some lunch.
Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling
Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo Let's head out on an adventure bouken shiyou yo I'll never rely on it again!
Let's head out on an adventure I'll become who I want to be!
Let's head out on an adventure migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling
Let's head to the classroom!
Let's head towards them at full speed!
Let's hold a meeting right away.
Let's hold an Aikatsu bean throwing!
Let's hope so.
Let's hop right into it!
Let's hurry!
Let's hurry inside.
Let's interview the next athlete here.
Let's introduce them for our viewers.
Let's invite Laura and go watch!
Let's invite today's guest onto the set.
Let's keep at it in turns.
Let's keep going.
Let's keep on playing even in our dreams yume no naka de mo asobitai na Let's keep on playing even in our dreams yume no naka de mo asobitai na Won't we be friends forever?
Let's let it all out, Laura!
Let's let loose with a party and all get to deepen our bonds!
Let's let loose with a party and deepen our bonds!
Let's light the way for the first-years!
Let's make a good show today.
Let's make a lovely dress together.
Let's make a path all the way to the theater!
Let's make a whole bunch and hand them out!
Let's make it happen.
Let's make it more feminine...
Let's make Subaru-kyun's favorite food, eggs!
Let's make Subaru-kyun's favorite foods, egg dishes!
Let's make sure to all come back here one day!
Let's make sweet dreams together!
Let's make the theme of the event "thank you"!
Let's make this a fantastic performance!
Let's make this an enjoyable experience for all.
Let's make this an unforgettable show!
Let's make this the very best performance we can.
- Let's meet again.
Let's meet again.
Let's meet up in five.
Let's pass this together.
Let's perform together, okay girl?
Let's pile on as many ideas as we can into our homemade stage show!
Let's pile up ideas for our homemade stage show!
Let's plan to meet again.
Let's play pretend S4's tea party, Gathering of Stars!
Let's play some pranks!
Let's put on the best show we can!
Let's raise the curtain our very first unit meeting ever!
Let's register right away.
Let's return at once.
Let's run after our dreams!
Let's run a test shoot!
Let's say it together: Happy New Year!
Let's scare their pants off with the power of the Adminz!
Let's search upstairs next. This way.
Let's see...
Let's see... another is to use parts of everyone's names.
Let's see... another way is to use parts of everyone's names.
Let's see, for instance...
Let's see, for this thick yukata with vertical stripes...
Let's see, if you want to win...
Let's see... I got four.
Let's see, I got the position of...
Let's see... I just wanted to be like Yozora-senpai.
Let's see... I'm number four.
Let's see, I'm performing a lot more than I did before, plus I get to do a wider variety of work, so I feel fulfilled.
Let's see just how good Venus Ark is.
Let's see, please give me a moment.
Let's see, S4's dorm should be just up ahead.
Let's see... sometimes I flip through fashion magazines for ideas, but my favorite thing to do is walk around town.
Let's see them off.
Let's see, the next closest is...
Let's see, the next scene is...
Let's see... the protagonist is the president of a large company, Nishi Taiyou-san.
Let's see, there's also...
Let's see, tickets... there's Mom and Dad.
Let's see where our parts are.
Let's see where we show up.
Let's see, which to get today...
Let's settle this fairly by drawing lots!
Let's share in the radiance It'll be okay. We still have time.
Let's share in the radiance Yeah, this fits!
Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength hitamuki na tsuyosa de kagayaki wo watasou Our courage becomes a star
Let's show all our visitors the time of their lives!
Let's show 'em what we've got!
Let's show our visitors the time of their lives!
Let's show the world our new Venus Ark.
Let's showtime!
Let's sing our hearts out!
Let's sing together I'm so glad! Rock! Rock Girls! rock!
Let's skip right to her introduction.
Let's solve the next problem together!
Let's split up and block all the back entrances.
Let's start!
Let's start by getting you comfortable with Subaru-kun.
Let's start here!
Let's start the Spring Festival!
Let's start with getting you comfortable with Subaru-kun.
Let's start with the Wind Dance Class.
Let's stop by there then, okay?
Let's switch to the next outfit.
Let's take a break.
Let's take a breather.
Let's take a little break.
Let's take a look!
Let's take a look.
Let's take a look at the first S, found by Yuzu-sama at the live house.
Let's take a look at what they've baked!
Let's take a quick break.
Let's take turns.
Let's tally up the votes!
Let's tally up the votes.
Let's touch up your makeup.
Let's try a few simpler problems.
Let's try a few simpler questions.
Let's try changing up your poses next.
Let's try some different poses now.
Let's try that direction next. Come on!
Let's use our school dresses then! Today's stars are our first-years, after all.
Let's view the final judgement.
Let's welcome today's tour's special guide!
Let's work hard for the audition.
Let's work hard so that we receive as much as them next year.
Let's work hard together.
Let's work together, Ako-chan!
Let's wrap this up. One, two...
Let's wrap today's meeting up here.
Let's wrap up today's meeting.
Let's write ours now!
Let the battle begin!
Let the cards fall where they may.
Let the curtain rise on this mysterious showtime What's going on?
Let their passionate battle commence!
"Let them shine" my foot.
Let the music flow through you.
Let the sheep shearing contest start!
- Let the wind blow, call upon the rain - kaze yo fuke ame wo yobe - Surviving through unending time - harukanaru toki wo koe - Surviving through unending time - harukanaru toki wo koe - Into the ground and into life - daichi e to inochi e to
Let us at least try!
Let us begin right away.
Let us call in today's guests.
Let us devise a plan for certain victory.
Let us each do our best.
Let us etch their feelings into our hearts.
Let us get right into the audition.
Let us have you witness the Aikatsu of Venus Ark with your own eyes.
Let us imprint their feelings into our hearts.
Let us leave them to sort the rest out themselves.
Let us move into the meeting.
Let us raise the curtain on a performance only the Theater Class can do!
Let us set off for the Suzukaze Plateau.
Let us support one another.
Liebesträume by Franz Liszt.
Light comes pouring out hikari no mukou gawa Light comes pouring out hikari no mukou gawa Light comes pouring out dareka ga yondeiru Somebody calls my name dareka ga yondeiru Somebody calls my name dareka ga yondeiru Somebody calls my name dareka ga yondeiru Somebody calls my name dakara knock knock knock knock
Light, huh.
Lighting...
Lighting is your greatest ally.
Like...
Like about today and about the future too.
Like about today and the future too.
Like a butterfly, like a fairy.
Like a commercial for the FuwaFuwa Dream Randoseru.
- Like a flame about to go out.
Like a flame flickering out.
Like a radiant light!
like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year
Like a wilting flower, the emergence of conflict is saddening.
Like, feeling different than usual...
Like for example, finding a girl he likes?
Like for instance, we can get really smart tutors...
Like for instance, we could get really good tutors...
Like, get everyone get all thrilled and excited!
Like have everyone get all thrilled and excited!
Like having one of our students be the muse like with FuwaFuwa Dream?
Like having one of our students be the muse like you did for FuwaFuwa Dream?
Like how?
Like I said before, you need to pull off a huge show in order to get the special Grade-up Glitter.
Like I said, my Aikatsu's really going...
Like I thought, even if I sang my best...
Like I've forgotten something important, and it's tugging at me...
Like... I want to be an idol who can stand as your equal.
Like... I want to be an idol who can stand next to you.
Likely more than we can imagine.
Like petals falling from a flower, so saddening is the conflict between people.
Like recording a commercial for the FuwaFuwa Dream Randoseru.
Like Subaru-kun over here.
Like the boundless, starry desert skies of One Thousand and One Nights.
Like the boundless starry skies of One Thousand and One Nights.
Like the first star, shining higher than everyone, and brighter than anyone else.
Like this?
Like what?
Like who?
Lilienne!
Lilienne.
Lilienne...
Lilienne, congratulations on getting the Pluto Star Premium Rare Coord!
Lilienne, fight! Fight!
Lilienne, if you would!
Lilienne'll sign them for you, so please form an orderly line!
Lilienne's dream is also to get into S4.
- Lilienne's - Lilienne's - Favorite thing - Here Here You set up a treasure hunt to entertain me.
Lilienne spotted!
Lilienne's really particular about it!
Lilienne's super busy getting her new brand all started up.
Lilienne's working her butt off!
Lilienne will be sure to sign them all, so please form an orderly line!
Lilienne worked harder than anyone too!
Lilienne worked really hard too!
Lilienne, you came!
Lilienne! You came to dance with me?
Lilienne, you did awesome!
Lilienne, you're always so poetic!
Lilienne, you're always such a poet!
Liliko-sensei, unlike me, you're an expert in Japanese.
Liliko-sensei, you can leave the rest to me.
Liliko-sensei, Yuzuo-sensei.
Lily and the Prince.
Lily and the Prince Lily and the Prince Lily and the Prince Elza Forte. A global top idol and celebrated designer.
Lily! Are you better now?
- Lily carves her path for herself, and not for anybody else's sake.
Lily-chan!
Lily-chan's going to sing!
Lily-chan was magnificent!
Lily forges down her path not for anyone else, but for herself.
- Lily forges forward down her path not for anyone else, but for herself.
Lily's been on break for a while to recuperate, but she's back starting today.
Lily-senpai!
Lily-senpai?
Lily-senpai?!
Lily-senpai.
Lily-senpai...
Lily-senpai, can you still make it?
Lily-senpai has been working hard in preparation for the grand opening of the store for her brand, Gothic Victoria.
Lily-senpai has been working hard in preparation to open the store for her brand, Gothic Victoria.
Lily-senpai is right, Yume-chan!
Lily-senpai, is that enough for you?
Lily-senpai?! Is Yuzu-senpai doing all right?
Lily-senpai, Juli-senpai.
Lily-senpai, Laura! Let's make this a good match!
Lily-senpai might have a stronger heart than we gave her credit for.
Lily-senpai, please allow me to assist you!
Lily-senpai put so much more of her soul into that song than ever before.
Lily-senpai really is amazing!
Lily-senpai returned to the academy!
Lily-senpai's been accepted by the Aikatsu System!
Lily-senpai's been approved by the Aikatsu System!
Lily-senpai's been recuperating up at the plateau, right?
Lily-senpai was acknowledged by the Aikatsu System!
Lily-senpai was Four Star Academy's representative.
Lily-senpai, what do you think?
Lily-senpai, what inspired you to want to create your own original brand?
Lily-senpai?! When did you get here?
Lily-senpai, why would you bring someone like her here?
Lily-senpai would normally never wear a pop dress like that.
Lily-senpai, you can't fool me by lying about singing for your own sake.
Lily-senpai, you can't fool me, saying you sing just for yourself.
Lily-senpai, you must be singing to make all of them smile.
Lily-senpai, you're singing because you want to make them smile.
Line!
Lines!
Lions drop their young from cliffs.
Listen...
Listen and try not to freak out.
Listen carefully before answering.
Listen carefully to the rules.
Listen closely. We will be the ones to claim victory this time.
Listen, Elza-sama!
Listeners, be sure to keep an eye on Nijino Yume-chan.
Listen here, okay?
Listen here, you are absolutely not allowed to do anything strange.
Listening to her songs always cheers me up.
Listen, Koharu-chan.
Listen, Mahiru. Try shouting "tile chop!" after you finish doing your karate.
Listen, Mahiru. Try shouting "tile chop!" in a loud voice after you do your karate.
Listen, there's something I need to tell you, Yume-chan.
Listen to me, Yume-chan.
Listen to this!
Listen to this! I finally made it back on board the ship, but now I have to go back to Japan for a TV show!
Listen to this! I finally made it back onboard the ship, but now I have to go back to Japan for a TV show!
Listen up! I won't forgive you if you lose!
Listen up! We're almost out of recording film!
Listen when someone's talking to you.
Listen, Yume-chan.
Listen, Yume. If you were to ask me what makes a dress alluring, I'd be able to answer immediately.
Listen, Yume. If you were to ask me what makes a dress appealing, I'd be able to answer immediately.
Liszt Juli!
Little early bird.
Little Fairy Story!
Little Fairy Tales!
Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales It's time!
Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales
Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales My Little Heart's summer season theme is pastel fairies.
Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales This is a tale from long ago.
Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales This is a tale from times long past.
Little tomato.
Live!
Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - Free Entry - Free Entry - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - Free Entry - Free Entry
Living in such a bright world can sometimes hide them from view.
Living up to her creds, she rises through the ranks to first!
L-Laura...
L-Let's take a look over here.
L-Like this?
L-Lily-senpai!
L-Lily-senpai, that's my forehead.
L-Look up there!
L-Lun Lun?
l'm off to my shoot!
- Location: Four Star Academy Date: October 12 Doors Open Start Buy Tickets Here!
Locked away by the relentless winter, I am unable to leave or do as I please.
Locked away by the relentless winter, I have nowhere to go, no path to take.
Locked on to you, dead center in my vision Out of the way!
Locked on to you Let's get her, Investigator Ako!
Logic does not apply to her.
Lonely?
Lonely Sun.
Lonely Sun Lonely Sun Lonely Sun What?!
Long ago, we made a promise to sing and dance together one day.
Look!
Look.
Look...
Look! A coffee maker!
Look, a rainbow!
Look, a souvenir.
Look at all the sheep!
Look at him all flustered!
Look at it all!
Look at that.
Look at that bottle!
Look at that plastic bottle!
Look at the waves of smiles!
Look at this.
Look, check it out!
Look closely.
Look closely. Can't you see the resemblance?
Look, everyone is studying.
Look forward to an exciting Christmas concert!
Look forward to it!
Look forward to it.
Look forward to our next A Premium Night!
Look forward to them!
Look here.
Look here, Yume-chan, it's cute!
Look, he's over there.
Look how cute you were as a child!
Look! I'll be the world's brightest star!
Looking at them all together makes their individuality stand out more.
Looking at this helps me get through the toughest of times when I'm working.
Looking at this helps me get through tough times when I'm working.
Looking at you reminds me of how Rei was when we first met.
Looking back, becoming a member of S4 filled me with confidence and pride.
Looking back, I couldn't get your show at Summer Fest out of my mind.
Looking back on it now...
Looking down is no good.
Looking for something?
Looking forward to another year of it!
Looking forward to it!
Looking forward to working with you again, Ako-chan.
Looking good!
Looking magnificent while dripping sweat with Elzacise.
Looking towards the Broadway Dream show...
Look! It's an island!
Look, it's her!
Look, it's Lily-chan!
Look, it's Natsuna-chan!
Look, it's S4!
Look, it started!
Look, it's Yume-chan!
Look, look! I got it!
Look, look! I got it like I promised!
Look, Mommy! There's a letter on this balloon!
Look out!
Look out, because Song Class is gonna win next time!
Look out! Competitor Yuzu is like a human rocket!
Look out! Yuzu is like a human rocket!
Look over here.
Look over there!
Look over there. The others seem to be having fun too.
Looks hard to dance in, though.
Look, she's from Four Star.
Looks kind of like a Christmas present...
Looks like everyone's answered.
Looks like I lost.
Looks like it.
Looks like it's a race to see who can become a first-star idol first.
- Looks like it's a race to see who can become the first-star idol first.
Looks like it's starting.
Looks like she'll unquestionably pass the first test.
Looks like that set him off.
Looks like they're all having fun.
Looks like this is mine.
Looks like this is ours.
Looks like we all did.
Looks like we'll never be on the same page.
Looks like we lost.
Looks like we're finally on the same page.
Looks like we're in for another summer of hot dance battles in every shape and form!
Looks like we're in the talk, cooking, and singing segments.
Looks like we're in the talk, cooking, and song segments.
Looks like you didn't manage to win.
Looks like you got shot down pretty hard.
Looks like you handed them all out.
Looks like you have a long way to go, then.
Looks like you're totally free now, Ako-chan.
Looks like your work's cut out for you.
Looks like you scraped by.
Looks like you've got another rival on your hands.
Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai
Looks of pain and regret don't suit your pretty face koukai nante zettai kimi ni wa niawanai So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with
Look, swan boats!
Looks yummy!
Look, the Aikatsu Ranking got updated.
Look, the race has entered the home stretch!
Look! There's an island!
Look! They're here for revenge, as I thought!
Look, this is the Sun Dress.
Look up in the sky.
Loosen your shoulders, open your chest, and relax.
- Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los
- Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles - Los - Angeles Yuzu-senpai!
- Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win - Final Stage - Final Stage - Win - Win
lose to you!
Losing at Fall Fest has made me more motivated than ever!
Losing is simply another way of saying you have much room for growth.
Losing simply means you have much room for growth.
Lost Laura?!
Lost Laura.
Lots?
Lots of friends, lots of dreams!
Lots of fun!
Louder!
Love Heart Chocolate.
Love isn't something you do, it's something you fall in.
Lovely.
Lovely! It's too lovely!
Lovely... it's very lovely!
Lovely Lily!
- Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri It's the CD I got to make when I won last year!
- Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape
Lover's Cape Lover's Cape Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri To Yume-chan I wonder what I should put on my CD jacket.
- Lover's Cape - Lover's Cape - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - To Yume-chan Thank you!
Luck is a necessity for idols.
Luck was certainly on your side for the quiz.
Lucky! Haruka's going to Los Angeles!
Lucky, lucky!
Lucky you. It's so cute!
Luka - Satsu Eri - Satsu Eri - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Your Rank - Your Rank - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba
Lunch-chan Lunch-chan "Happy 1 Month Early Birthday"...
Lunch I'll surpass you!
"Lunch" kind of sounds like her name in English, so I had a feeling.
Lunch-san!
Lunch-san, also known as Kasumi Mahiru-san, will now perform in the winning dress she created.
Lunch-san, thank you very much.
Lun Lun!
Lun Lun Body Maker!
Lun... Lun Lun!
m 0 0 l 0 0 10 0 10 10 0 10 m 0 0 l 0 0 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 0 0 100 0 100 100 0 100 Is that what you want?
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 But thanks to Aikatsu Island, all of us are swamped with work.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Designer - Shirogane Lily - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 It's from Yume-chan.
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - Filming will be at a lush green lakeside. All the animals of the forest will join, lured by the singing. - Nijino Yume will sing of hope along with a nostalgic backing track— The concept is a fairy as pure as sunlight through the leaves.
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Every show you do gets you points, and the more you get the higher your rank!
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 "Passionate bond with your partner"...
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Wonderful. It's very wonderful!
- m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 366 470 l 714 479 l 721 513 l 744 533 l 785 489 l 843 508 l 837 561 l 368 558 M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 354 572 l 1037 574 l 1039 621 l 1004 667 l 353 666 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - National Record Shop Daily Ranking - Shiratori Hime I knew I could never...
- M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 What?!
m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 design sense design sense I'm fairly confident in my ability to perform on stage...
m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4
M 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4 m 0 0 l 6 2 4 2 4 5 3 4
M 0 0 l 8 0 8 8 0 8 m 0 0 l 8 0 8 8 0 8 m 0 0 l 8 0 8 8 0 8 m 0 0 l 8 0 8 8 0 8 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- M 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24 - m 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24
- M 235 86 l 441 87 l 434 134 l 421 127 l 411 115 l 395 133 l 230 132 There we go.
- M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Nijino
- M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today
- M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale Today m 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600
- M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600
- M 340 189 l 399 210 l 415 187 l 354 155 - m 745 280 l 853 234 l 861 264 l 752 301 - M 415 376 l 528 422 l 515 449 l 405 403 - m 723 462 l 833 422 l 844 455 l 739 496
- M 345 441 l 611 342 l 668 477 l 664 641 l 664 641 l 378 680 l 340 681 Kizaki Rei-san from Venus Ark is going to hold a debut show for her new brand!
- M 387 172 l 768 169 l 763 220 l 759 245 l 772 257 l 771 285 l 774 296 l 768 323 l 676 324 l 639 320 l 464 332 l 429 332 l 428 322 l 407 319 Subaru-kyun!
M4?
M 405 273 l 335 405 l 289 481 l 259 470 l 265 424 l 353 285 - M4 - M4 - New - new - Song - song - Volleyball - volleyball M 405 273 l 335 405 l 289 481 l 259 470 l 265 424 l 353 285
m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547
M 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547 m 414 461 l 993 459 l 1004 500 l 1037 508 l 1039 555 l 418 547
M4 doesn't change members, and our unit will continue too.
M4 is amazing!
M4 is breaking up...
M4 is great!
M4 isn't breaking up.
M4 is so amazing.
M4 is so cool!
M4 is the top group of Four Star Academy's boys division!
M4 M4 New new song song volleyball volleyball m 348 169 l 233 417 l 99 630 l 41 579 l 91 416 l 260 184 Compared to her, I...
- M4 - M4 - New - new - Song - song - Volleyball - volleyball M 405 273 l 335 405 l 289 481 l 259 470 l 265 424 l 353 285 - M4 - M4 - New - new - Song - song - Volleyball - volleyball
- M 523 485 l 593 495 l 603 518 l 569 556 l 479 560 l 443 507 l 463 491 It's Yuzu-chan from S4!
- M 597 157 l 623 223 l 720 219 l 803 424 l 842 431 l 891 425 l 907 398 l 851 86 Don't we have our girl already?
- M 597 157 l 623 223 l 720 219 l 803 424 l 842 431 l 891 425 l 907 398 l 851 86 - Name - Birthday - Blood Type - Zodiac - Height - Favorite food - Specialty - LAURA SAKURABA - November 4 - A - Scorpio - 154 cm - Sour konbu - Singing - I'll pass no matter what!
- M 597 157 l 623 223 l 720 219 l 803 424 l 842 431 l 891 425 l 907 398 l 851 86 Now you just got all the others fired up over nothing.
- M 696 511 l 716 505 l 732 503 l 959 494 l 1004 546 l 998 619 l 858 677 l 825 652 l 716 688 l 696 669 l 671 667 l 637 619 l 632 599 - Fight! - Yume-senpai!!
- M 696 511 l 716 505 l 732 503 l 959 494 l 1004 546 l 998 619 l 858 677 l 825 652 l 716 688 l 696 669 l 671 667 l 637 619 l 632 599 - Fight! - Yume-senpai!! - Win the - Aikatsu Ranking!
M 696 511 l 716 505 l 732 503 l 959 494 l 1004 546 l 998 619 l 858 677 l 825 652 l 716 688 l 696 669 l 671 667 l 637 619 l 632 599 You can do it, Yume-senpai!
M 855 427 l 888 384 l 879 362 l 824 344 l 802 361 l 759 409 l 796 427 - m 585 136 l 546 170 557 204 634 237 745 233 764 177 676 132 - m 509 250 l 581 293 706 328 788 252 735 193 587 208 556 195 - M 493 253 l 557 277 636 288 741 302 776 307 717 344 650 356 588 367 482 339
mabushii aozora ni todokisou na basho e to Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach
Mabushii aozora ni todokisou na basho e to Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach
Mabushii aozora ni todokisou na basho e to Heading towards the blinding sky to a place we can reach sou, kokoro ga hitori de ni hashiridasu yo Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own soko kara utaeba tooku made hibiku Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches
Mabushii supottoraito ni terasareta shadou sannin ireba kowai mono nado nai no hajimeyou shootaimu anata ni okuru puresento wa saikou ni kirameku haamonii waku waku doki doki mittsu no merodii hitotsu ni kasanari - Be quick with the costume change.
mada minu mirai e icchokusen Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
mada shiranai kuni made yume wo hakonde It's as if they'll carry my dreams to a world I've never seen mada shiranai kuni made yume wo hakonde As countless opportunities rain down from above kore kara meguriau chansutachi ni As countless opportunities rain down from above kore kara meguriau chansutachi ni
Made it!
Maekawa Ayano, that was a close race.
Magical Trick!
Magi-magi Cal-cal!
Mahiru!
Mahiru?
Mahiru.
Mahiru...
Mahiru and I are also rivals.
Mahiru and I must also be off to our Aikatsu Style Girls appointments.
- Mahiru and I must also be off to our Aikatsu Style Girls recordings.
- Mahiru and I must be off to our Aikatsu Style Girls appointments.
Mahiru! B-B-Big trouble!
Mahiru, ça va?
Mahiru-chan!
Mahiru-chan?
Mahiru-chan.
Mahiru-chan...
Mahiru-chan and Ako-chan will be here soon.
Mahiru-chan and Aria-chan went on a mountain retreat to forge themselves.
Mahiru-chan and Laura gave me the push I needed to pick my song.
Mahiru-chan, are you going somewhere?
Mahiru-chan brought forth the full extent of her ability and wholeheartedly enjoyed her performance.
Mahiru-chan, congratulations on your second year at the top of Beauty Class.
- Mahiru-chan embodies her name too, as the bright daylight that gently embraces everyone from above.
Mahiru-chan, eyes on the camera.
Mahiru-chan from S4 is the bento lady!
Mahiru-chan ganbare Sorry. I drew your face on it, but it got all sloppy.
Mahiru-chan, good luck!
Mahiru-chan has been training for the sole purpose of surpassing Yozora-senpai.
Mahiru-chan, huh...
Mahiru-chan, I don't think you're losing to Yozora-senpai at all! You...
Mahiru-chan is acting strange before her battle with Elza-san?
Mahiru-chan is beautiful.
Mahiru-chan is engaged in a fierce duel with Kizaki Rei-chan, over.
Mahiru-chan is meticulous and faces everything with stoicism.
Mahiru-chan is modeling at a bunch of shows too.
Mahiru-chan is presently in a fierce duel with Kizaki Rei-chan, over.
Mahiru-chan is probably getting in the zone.
Mahiru-chan is very meticulous and faces everything stoically.
Mahiru-chan? It's Koharu.
- Mahiru-chan lives up to her name too, as the bright daylight that embraces us all from above.
Mahiru-chan lives up to her name too, as the bright daylight that gently embraces us all from above.
Mahiru-chan, over here!
Mahiru-chan's battle is beginning.
Mahiru-chan's family is really impressive.
Mahiru-chan's forgotten her smile again.
Mahiru-chan. She's in Beauty Class with me.
Mahiru-chan's home...
Mahiru-chan, Tamaki-chan, you're both so cute!
Mahiru-chan, thanks so much for today.
Mahiru-chan, that's awesome!
Mahiru-chan, that's so awesome!
Mahiru-chan was the one who did it.
Mahiru-chan, what's up?
Mahiru-chan, who's just as good at karate, surprised us all by challenging her to a fight.
Mahiru-chan, who's just as good in karate, surprised us all by challenging her to a fight.
Mahiru-chan, work it!
Mahiru-chan, you beat your sister, Yozora-senpai.
Mahiru-chan, you even beat your sister, Yozora-senpai.
Mahiru-chan, your clothes are so cute.
Mahiru-chan, your dress was fabulous.
Mahiru-chan, you're not good at English?
Mahiru-chan, you're so pretty!
Mahiru-chan! Yozora-senpai!
Mahiru-chan, Yozora-senpai, and...
- Mahiru - Defeat! Onee-chan!!
Mahiru! Good work today.
Mahiru has a valid point.
Mahiru, I'm ready.
Mahiru is making a name for herself as a different type of model than me.
Mahiru is Neptune, Laura is Mars, and Yuzu is Saturn.
Mahiru just got a regular feature in Aikatsu Style Girls!
Mahiru just got a serialized column in Aikatsu Style Girls!
Mahiru just got made a regular feature in Aikatsu Style Girls!
Mahiru Kasumi.
Mahiru, let's make haste!
Mahiru, let's move on!
Mahiru made me realize how wonderful it is to polish your own brilliance.
Mahiru made me realize how wonderful it was to hone your own brilliance.
Mahiru! Mahiru!
- MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru-chan, keep fighting!
Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart - Mahiru - MAHIRU Osu!
- Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU MAHIRU
Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru Mahiru Mahiru MAHIRU MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Mahiru MAHIRU Mahiru - Mahiru - MAHIRU Saotome Ako Nyan Nyan Koharu - chan Sew together a dress from the past and future
- Mahiru - Mahiru Thanks!
Mahiru may have a bit of a serious streak, but deep down she's a thoughtful and kind girl.
Mahiru-neesan!
Mahiru-neesan...
Mahiru-neesan... it's a bit embarrassing, but it's got a nice ring to it.
Mahiru-neesan, um...
Mahiru's a karate expert.
Mahiru-san!
Mahiru-san just seems so adult it's hard to talk to her.
Mahiru-san just seems so adultlike that it's hard to talk to her.
Mahiru-san was unbelievably cool.
Mahiru-san was very cool.
Mahiru's Challenge!
Mahiru's dress was the Brilliant Freeze Coord, based on the Frosty Queen.
Mahiru's finally coming up.
Mahiru's idea of training could wear anyone out.
Mahiru's on makeup, and Ako is doing art.
Mahiru's point is valid.
Mahiru's radiance.
Mahiru's Radiance Mahiru's Radiance Mahiru's Radiance The café au lait here is delicious.
Mahiru's Romance Kiss gets me going!
Mahiru's special event!
Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson Reading Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson?
Mahiru's up next.
Mahiru surpassed you?
- Mahiru - Take down! Onee-chan!!
Mahiru, Tamaki, are we clear?
Mahiru told me you were coming.
Mahiru was still a new model when she enrolled.
Mahiru was still a rookie model when she first entered school.
Mahiru, what're you packing?
- Mahiru When the outro ends autoro ga owaru to The intro begins to play intoro ga nagaretekuru On to the next song tsugi no kyoku e Are you prepared? Take a deep breath junbi wa ii? shinkokyuu Your fingers are still trembling a bit chotto dake yubi ga furueteru
Mahiru, where are you off to next?
Mahiru will do great.
Mahiru, you...
Mahiru, you're acting like a mother.
Mahiru, you're a frightful one.
Mahiru, you're more than popular enough as a model.
- Mahiru Yume, Mahiru, what are you wishing for this year?
Mahou to hikari no shangri la Looks like you're ineffective against vertical attacks.
Maiden's Skirt Lecture Maiden's Skirt Lecture Maiden's Skirt Lecture It's satisfying to know she's reached her readers.
Maikawa Marina Maikawa Marina Hanahata Nana Hanahata Nana Shirogane Lily Shirogane Lily She's done it!
Main gate, no abnormalities.
Mainichi kyou wa question nani ga aru no mousou ippai uki uki shichau mainichi kyou wa bikkuri iroiro aru yuuenchi mitai doki doki suru wa You are? I didn't realize at all.
Make a run for it!
Make good on your word Make good on your word I ask again, where did that motto come from?
Make haste!
Make it yours!
- Makes sense. As for the girl in second...
Make sure it to keep it a secret, though.
Make sure not to hurt yourself.
Make sure to check it out, yo!
Make sure to land on them.
Make sure your feelings reach Elza.
Make the lighting yours...
Make them yours, and you'll shine like never before.
Make the perfect coord for your feelings kimochi made koode kanpeki ni Make the perfect coord for your feelings kimochi made koode kanpeki ni Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo Heart-pounding Mode doki doki moodo My heart skips haato ga sukippu My heart skips haato ga sukippu wow wow wow wow wow wow
- Makeup for troubling you the other day.
Makeup is all about balancing adding and subtracting.
Makeup is all about the balance between accentuating and reducing.
Makeup's a bit of a specialty of mine, so I'm looking forward to this.
Makeup's a bit of a specialty, so I'm looking forward to this.
- Make UP shite Dress UP shite Level UP shite I meet U - Starlight dances to a Star Beat - Starlight odore Star Beat - Put on a ribbon and I'll smile and love - ribbon wo kakete Smile & Love - Be dramatic, be romantic, let's make memories, Boys and Girls!
Make way!
Make your finishing pose sharp!
Make yourselves a dress that'll bring out all your luster.
Make yourselves a dress that'll bring out your hidden luster.
Make your signature pose sharp!
- Making everyone shine is the brand concept of Rainbow Berry Parfait.
Making S4 two years running will leave her name in history!
Making the schedule for next year's events, arranging your S4 commercial deals, organizing festivals and nationwide tours...
Making up for troubling you the other day.
Making your heart beautiful might be the first step.
Mama, there's someone I don't want to lose to.
Man...
Man, forget it. Get yourself a cough drop.
Man, I'm really bad at acting cool.
Man, Lilienne, you haven't changed at all either!
Man, my shoulders are getting stiff.
Man, right now?
Man, this area's so overrun with weeds it's hard to walk.
Man, this feels great.
Many different people put forth one hundred percent doing many different things.
Man, you covered for everyone so well back there.
Man, your followups really saved us back there.
Man, your skills have only shot up since you joined S4.
Many people work together to create a single dream.
- Many students only barely make it even after lots of cramming.
- Margaret S.
- Margaret S. - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu Ranking - Elza Forte - Elza Forte - Hanazono Kirara - Hanazono Kirara - J.J. Erika - J.J. Erika - Margaret S.
- Margaret S. - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume My Aikatsu Ranking is way up there now.
Marshmallow boy, Kasumi Asahi!
Mars Wings.
Maruyama Sakura - Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura
Maruyama Sakura - Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Maruyama Sakura
- Maruyama Sakura - Maruyama Sakura - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Sakuraba
Marvelous, Nikaidou! Be the cat!
Mass media from around the world want to interview and host you on their shows.
"Master"?
Master!
Master how to use it!
Master how to use them, and you'll shine like never before.
Master, please watch me and my serious Aikatsu!
Master the lighting...
mata aeru you ni sono hi made Trying to hold back uncontrollable love koi suru kimochi ima norikoete We're wishing for a miracle bokura ga nozomu kiseki e I'll reach out to grab it te wo nobasu you ni - The one and only - hitotsu dake Wish in my heart
Matcha, chocolate, and cream sauce?
Matcha Chocolate N-Nice colors...
Matcha Chocolate Yummy rec!
Math and calculations of all sorts surround idols!
Math is another kind of Aikatsu!
- Math - Math Proficiency Test 2 Proficiency Test 2 Math Math How did you do on language arts and math?
Matriculation Ceremony With dreams of becoming a professional singer, I entered Four Star Academy.
Matsuoka Hana Matsuoka Hana Arimura Mirai Arimura Mirai - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa Kisaragi Tsubasa is the top of Theater Class!
- Matteta? zutto matteta!
Maybe I'll be next.
Maybe I'll be next...
Maybe I'm not suited to be an idol after all...
Maybe I need something even more drastic.
Maybe it radiates beauty so intensely that you can't even look at it?
Maybe it radiates so much beauty you can't bear to look at it?
Maybe it's a merman.
Maybe it's hidden somewhere you go after you give up on looking.
Maybe it's individuality.
Maybe it's my personality?
Maybe it's really individuality.
Maybe Katsura-senpai and Saya-senpai...
Maybe the Aikatsu System is broken?
Maybe they're like the stars at daytime, and you're just unable to see them.
Maybe we should just have you do it together instead of separately.
Maybe we should start with the proper way to hold a knife.
Maybe you lost the tournament, but still...
Maybe your energy?
Maybe you should throw everything away and start from scratch.
Maybe you should toss it all out and start from scratch.
May every class fight to the best of their ability!
May everyone have a blissful day.
May everyone have a day full of cheer.
May I ask something?
May I become more like Yozora-senpai.
May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become
May I come along with you?
May I explain?
May I explain to them?
May I have a moment?
May I have your approval?
May I intrude?
May I stay a bit longer?
May my singing improve!
May my wish come true!
May our song resound!
May the flower of Aikatsu bloom!
May these feelings reach my fans.
May this song at least resound to the farthest reaches!
- Me!
Me!
Me?
Me and Ako-chan will take care of the dresses.
Meaning?
Meanwhile, I shall become a dramatic idol!
meat, and fish paella What should I do? Making paella is impossible...
Media from around the world want to interview and host you on their shows.
Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations It's no problem showing you the way.
Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations
Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Medieval Fashion Illustrations Thank you, Senpai.
Meeting Room 3 In Use Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion - Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night Planning Meeting!! - Venue - Presents - Promotion Now then, I'd like to begin the planning meeting
Meet Nijino Yume-chan from Four Star Academy.
Me first, Elza-sama!
Me? I couldn't...
Melon, huh? Kirara likes it...
Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Wearing matching coords let me put on my best performances ever!
Melty Pink Bell Coord Melty Pink Bell Coord Wearing matching coords with you lets me put on my best performances ever!
Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord
Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord The Melty Yellow Bell Coord was perfect for you!
Melty Yellow Bell Coord Melty Yellow Bell Coord Now we can both be the double muse of FuwaFuwa Dream!
- Member of the Singing Flower class, Shiratori Hime.
Members of S4, please come to watch if you can spare the time.
Members of S4, please come watch if you can spare the time.
Memory...
Me myself...
Me neither.
Me neither...
Me neither! And there are many more unknowns and surprises hidden around the world too.
Me neither. Let's go!
Me, Nikaidou Yuzu!
Meow meow!
Meow! Meow! Meow meow!
Merci! Thank you very much!
Merci, Yume-san!
Mermaid Idol.
- Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol Looks like the next episode's going to be great as well...
- Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol
Merry Christmas!
Merry Christmas.
Merry Christmas...
Merry Christmas, Saotome Ako!
Merry Merry Christmas!
Me, take on the world?
Metal Dolls?
- Me too.
Me too!
Me too?
Me too.
Me too...
Me too... am I half-asleep?
Me too... am I still asleep?
Me too, even more than for my own day.
Me too. Even more than for my own day.
Me too. How should we do it?
Me too! I became your fan right away.
Me too! I can hardly contain my excitement!
Me too! I love them all so much.
Me too. It's an honor to be here with you as your dream is fulfilled.
Me too. It's an honor to be here with you to see your dream fulfilled.
Me too! It's been forever since we've acted together.
Me too. I've grown a lot since back then.
Me too. Let's wrap it up now so that we're ready for tomorrow.
Me too. Let's wrap it up now so we're ready for tomorrow.
Me too, Onee-chan.
Me too! Training with you allowed me to realize something important.
mezase ichibanboshi Aim to be the first star mezase ichibanboshi It's like a dance straight out of a dream marude yume no dansu da ne It's like a dance straight out of a dream marude yume no dansu da ne My heart is skipping up and all around kokoro ga odoridashiteyuku yo
mezase ichibanboshi It's like a dance straight out of a dream marude yume no dansu da ne It's like a dance straight out of a dream marude yume no dansu da ne My heart is skipping up and all around kokoro ga odoridashiteyuku yo My heart is skipping up and all around
Mezasu yuuki wa doko dai?
Miagereba hoshi no kakehashi ikou sutaadamu!
Michi naki michi e!
michi wo terashiteageru wa I'll illuminate the way for you michi wo terashiteageru wa I'll illuminate the way for you michi wo terashiteageru wa The only sun light The only sun light The only sun light Such overbearing presence...
michi wo terashiteageru wa I'll illuminate the way for you michi wo terashiteageru wa I'll illuminate the way for you michi wo terashiteageru wa The only sun light The only sun light The only sun light Wow...
- Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Haruka
Midsummer Top Dancer☆ Midsummer Top Dancer☆ Midsummer Top Dancer☆ What a nice breeze.
migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai A coord that's only second-best is boring and unfulfilling migi ni narae no koode ja tsumaranai monotarinai Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide jiyuu na kokoro de are!
Mikki and Saaya are super reliable admins!
Mikki, congratulations on graduating.
Mikki, Saaya!
Mikki, Saaya! Come on!
Mikki, Saaya, thanks. I love you!
Mikki, you're really good!
- Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild - Hime-senpai's Yummy Curry - Mild
Milk from sheep is often used for cheese, yogurt, and other products.
- Milk strawberry - The sweeeet milk and sour strawberry are perfect together!! It's Yume's recommendation - Nijino Yume Thank you!
Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Kirara's school dress is
Milky Venus Coord Milky Venus Coord Yeah, the colors are so vibrant, like you were a flower blooming on stage.
"Million seller" has such a nice ring to it.
Mind helping out?
Mind if we come in?
Mindless Absorption Shirogane Lily Mindless absorption.
Mine?
Mine is...
Mine is this.
Mine is to decisively get into S4.
Mine's chomping at the bit!
Mine too.
Mine too. Thanks for the snacks.
Mine too. Thanks for the treat.
Miracle!
Miracle Audition!
Miracle Audition!!
Miracle Baton Pass.
Miracle☆Baton Pass Miracle☆Baton Pass Miracle☆Baton Pass What?! What do you mean you can't come back, baby?
Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou
Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou This stage!
- Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki -
- Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Miracle Felici-taiyaki - Koukadou The next challenge you all will face is...
Miracle Girls!
Miracle Girls ☆ Miracle Girls ☆ Miracle Girls ☆ Congratulations!
- Mirai e no Stand Up!
- Mirai e no Stand Up! - Stand up to the future!
- Mirai e no Stand Up! - Stand up to the future! - Stand up to the future! - Stand up to the future!
Mirai e To the future tabi no tochuu On a journey mirai e To the future Bon Voyage!
miraikei no - an idol of the future - aidoru e - An idol of the future - aidoru e And grow as much as you can sodateteikou And grow as much as you can sodateteikou Smile like the sun ohisama sumairu Smile like the sun ohisama sumairu - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin'
mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto Our judges, including Kasumi Yozora-san, have reached their decision.
mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto On the transit to move ahead susumu tame no toranjitto That was stunning. She really is the top of Beauty Class.
Miranda?
Mirror, mirror, on the wall.
miru dake de chikara ni narunda yo Is more than enough to fill me with strength miru dake de chikara ni narunda yo Is more than enough to fill me with strength miru dake de chikara ni narunda yo You're so bright I can hardly keep looking mabushii kurai ganbatteru kimi wa
Miru mono subete ga sekai wo kaeteiku Yume Yume nagareru namida ga kokoro wo tsuyoku suru kako kara mirai e nuriawaseta doresu Yume-chan and Koharu-chan, and also Mahiru-chan and Ako-chan's fans all came running to join.
"Miss"...?
Miss!
Miss attendant, please take good care of Lily-chan.
Missing Ako-chan is so baa!
Miss? Lady Hime!
- Miss - Miss It can't be! Unfortunately, it's a miss!
- Miss - Miss Miss...
MISS Oh, I forgot to tell you!
Mister!
mitsuketai watashi rashisa no hajimari ni The moment I finally find what it means to be me mitsuketai watashi rashisa no hajimari ni I put on a layer of courage and a shade of enthralling make up make up yuuki wo hitonuri tokimeki wo matou no I put on a layer of courage and
Miwa Tamagorou's Fall Fest Backstage Attack!
M-Mahiru-chan?
M-Mahiru, you're going too fast!
M-Me?
M-Me and you together?!
M-Me too!
M-Me too! Thank you.
M-M-My sincerest apologies!
M-Mustache... a mustached fairy...
M-My apologies!
M-My apurrlogies!
M-My back! My back...
M-My, how scary...
M-My name is Saotome Ako! I'll be giving my utmost to today's production!
M-My name is Saotome Ako! I'll do my utmost for today's production!
M-My sincerest apologies!
Modeling advice?
- Model Shooting Star Returns!
Mom and Dad are always busy with work, and all Nii-san does is play with his friends.
Mom, Dad!
Momoi Kokoro Momoi Kokoro Hirose Asuka Hirose Asuka Koizumi Chiemi Koizumi Chiemi Nakamori Misato Nakamori Misato Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru Kasumi Mahiru tops the ranking!
Momoi Kokoro Momoi Kokoro Hirose Asuka Hirose Asuka Koizumi Chiemi Koizumi Chiemi Nakamori Misato Nakamori Misato Suzusaki Remi Suzusaki Remi Momoi Kokoro Momoi Kokoro Oh! She's topped the current rankings!
Momoko-sensei has already approved it.
Momoko-sensei was the first graduate to land a lead part in a Hollywood film.
Momoko-sensei was the first graduate to land the lead part in a Hollywood film.
Monica and Amy.
Monthly Lily!
Moon and Sun.
Moon Beauty Class, Kasumi Mahiru.
More importantly!
More importantly...
More importantly, did something happen?
More importantly, idols need to gain the strength to live on their own.
More importantly, it's nonsense to think you'll never beat her.
More importantly, it's unbelievably irritating hearing how anxious you are despite Yuzu-senpai and I being with you.
More importantly, please tell me about the dress's design.
More importantly, they're necessary for idols to learn how to live strongly on their own.
More importantly, today's competition carries far more weight.
More importantly, what are you doing here?
More importantly, what kind of show will the legendary Shooting Star be putting on?
More importantly, why are we even hiding back here?
More importantly, will Yuzu-senpai be okay?
More importantly, you haven't gotten any candy at all, Koharu.
More like we couldn't forget about you.
More like you're late.
more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like
More, more! Dance, dance!
Moreover, I was defeated by Yume Nijino.
Moreover, now that I'm at this academy, I feel as though I will be able to discover a new radiance!
Moreover, the points you earn during it have a large effect on your Aikatsu Ranking.
Moreover, the surrounding shopping arcade was deserted as well.
More passionate than any pristine ideal e ni kaita you na risou yori More passionate than any pristine ideal e ni kaita you na risou yori Feel the sound of my burning emotions wakiagaru omoi wo komeru dake Feel the sound of my burning emotions wakiagaru omoi wo komeru dake
more than anyone.
More than anything, I'm grateful that you could get back at Venus Ark for us.
More valuable is the impassioned soul of someone who loves the brand.
Mori Kirari of Sunlight Institute.
- Morning.
Morning.
Morning...
Morning, babies.
Morning, Elza.
Morning, everyone!
Morning, girls!
Morning. I know that getting a head start is good, but isn't this a little too bright and early?
Morning, Laura.
Morning, Yume-chan!
Moroboshi?!
Moroboshi.
Moroboshi... ah!
Moroboshi-chan, you flatter me.
Moroboshi Hotaru.
Most of them may be happy and fun, but there painful times when we cry tears of frustration too.
Mother...
Mother... I always wanted to be like you.
Mother, I will shortly be demonstrating the culmination of my idol activities on stage.
Mother! Mother!
Mother You sound as though your victory is already guaranteed.
- Motifs - Think about the silhouette while moving too!
Motivation is all you need.
Motto kagayakitai I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter I want to shine even brighter
motto kagayakitai I want to shine even brighter motto kagayakitai And become my one and only star!
mou nani mo kowakunai go up, up te wo nobasou I'm no longer scared as I go up, up and raise my hands mou nani mo kowakunai go up, up te wo nobasou Even my tears and sighs turn into sparkles namida mo tameiki mo kira kira to Even my tears and sighs turn into sparkles
mountains and rivers and jungles too Yeah! mori no naka mo yama mo kawa mo janguru juu kakemegutte mitai Yeah! Go all about the forest and mountains and rivers and jungles too Yeah! mori no naka mo yama mo kawa mo janguru juu kakemegutte mitai All of the animals spend their days
Mount Fuji!
Mount Fuji. However...
Mount Fuji. This mountain...
mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu
mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu mou, setsunasa ga afuredasu Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky
Move it.
Move it! Move it!
Move that decorative plant a bit more to the right.
Moving on, next is pattern cutting!
Moving on to the second test...
Much like this game of Old Maid.
mune ni dakishimeteru Planted within my breast mune ni dakishimeteru Planted within my breast kono yume no tane wo Is a seed of dreams kono yume no tane wo Is a seed of dreams kono yume no tane wo Is a seed of dreams kono yume no tane wo Is a seed of dreams
Music start!
Music Start!
Music Time was so great!
Must be great.
Must be nice together. I wish I could...
Must you do it with everyone else?
m u y u m e n o t a i t o r u w a T h e t i t l e o f m y d r e a m e n g r a v e d i n t o t h e b
My!
My Aikatsu is the best in the universe!
My Aikatsu's really going to start!
My Aikatsu started when I met everyone here at Four Star.
My Aikatsu was inspired by Hime-senpai.
My ambition is to found a brand myself.
My, and who is this other girl?
My answer remains the same.
My answer was to create Rainbow Berry Parfait with Koharu-chan.
My apologies.
My apologies for the unplanned meeting.
My apologies. It appears my body does not wish to cooperate.
My appeal points are rising fast apiiru pointo kyuujoushou My appeal points are rising fast apiiru pointo kyuujoushou We chased after the objects of our admiration, grew and matured, One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
My back's against the wall here.
My beloved Subaru-kyun!
My body can't help but move.
My body feels so light!
My body is as light as a feather!
My body is light as a feather!
My body's throbbing all over!
My brand bears the name...
My brand is Berry Parfait.
My calculations were correct!
My catchphrase...
My CDs sell out on day one!
My chances of making S4 are...
My cheeks are melting!
My childhood friend Koharu-chan set off for Italy.
My class sorting audition.
My coach said that since the competition will be strong, I'll have a hard time placing well with my times.
My coach said that since the competition will be strong, I'll have a hard time ranking well with my times.
My coord has the theme of Arabian jewels.
My coord is built on the theme of Arabian jewels.
My coord is Venus.
"My coords have been all been looking samey lately. What should I do?" Yeah, that happens to me all the time.
My current dream is to create a dress with you.
My dad's assignment is going to take a while, so we decided to move together as a family.
My dad's coming home for the first time in a while.
My deepest apologies, Boss.
My deepest condolences.
My demons?
My desire to at least see her brought me to the videos of her time as an idol.
My desire to see her brought me to the videos of her time as an idol.
- My downtrodden heart streams tears of frustration - kuyashi namida ijiketa kokoro mo But you warm it like melting ice kouri mitai ni toketeku But you warm it like melting ice kouri mitai ni toketeku If we split our burdens in half nimotsu wa hanbun If we split our burdens in half
- My dream!
My dream...
My dream is...
My dream is the kind you have at night.
My dream is to become a member of my revered S4.
My dream is to become the world's brightest star...
My dream is to be the world's best idol!
My dream is to enter S4!
My dream is to enter S4.
My dream is to get into S4!
My dream is to get into S4.
My dream is to join S4!
My dream is to join S4.
My dream is to make it into S4.
My dream lies with Yume-chan.
"My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream"
"My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" Yume-chan!
My dream of making S4 dispersed as if it were the bubbles of a heartbroken Little Mermaid.
My dream of making S4 dissolved as if the bubbles of a heartbroken Little Mermaid.
My dream of making S4 dissolved as the bubbles of a heartbroken Little Mermaid did.
My dream to get into S4 has given me the chance to be here right now.
My dream wouldn't exist without you.
My dress is the Exotic Sunset Coord!
My Dress Make!
My dress will bloom with pride!
My dress. You said before that you started formally studying design.
My dress. You said you were formally studying design before.
My elder sisters treat me oh so terribly.
My elder sisters treat me rather terribly.
My entire body aches.
My eternal goal is to defeat Onee-chan, got it?
My Eternal Princess Coord, concealing its true strength behind refined beauty.
My Eternal Princess Coord, holding true strength and refined beauty within it.
"My everyday coords have all been looking samey lately. What should I do?" Let's see... sometimes I flip through fashion magazines for reference, Exactly. I stroll the streets admiring the scenery and also people watch and window shop.
My expectations are so high I can't contain my excitement!
My expectations are through the roof!
My eyes! My eyes!
My family name is Sakuraba, and my ancestors have long admired it.
My family runs a confectionery shop.
My fans...
My fans and friends say we were great, but I can't be satisfied.
My fans and friends say we were great, but I'm still not satisfied.
My fans must be looking forward to seeing this dress.
My fans must be waiting in anticipation for this dress.
My fantasies run abound My fantasies run abound Yume, I've been waiting for you.
My favorite brand is Spice Chord.
My favorite flower is the cherry blossom.
My favorite flower is the sakura cherry blossom.
My feelings.
My feelings go beyond that.
My feelings got across to them, and that made me happy.
My Felicitaiyaki puts me one step in the lead!
My first objective in coming here was indeed to get Hime Shiratori.
My first Premium Rare Dress.
My first Premium Rare Dress made with everyone at Berry Parfait.
My first star?
My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu Rei-chan is so gallant!
My friend even used to say I'm like a grab bag.
My friends?
My friends are here too.
My glasses! My glasses!
My goal is to surpass Onee-chan.
My goal of surpassing my sister has never changed.
My goal of surpassing my sister has not changed.
My goal was to give you an fitting sendoff for your final year.
My group is out looking for him elsewhere.
My hair is thin, so I wanted to thicken it.
My hand hurts...
My hands will be tied filming throughout the day.
My happiness could make everyone smile.
My hat!
My head's blank and I can't even think.
My head was so full of S4 I got lost.
My heart?
My heart feels so warm and fuzzy.
My heart flutters like I'm at an amusement park My heart flutters like I'm at an amusement park You are? I had no idea.
My heart is shouting that it wants to be with you!
My heart is skipping up and all around kokoro ga odoridashiteyuku yo I'll self-produce just the way I want omou mama ni serufu purodyuusu I'll self-produce just the way I want omou mama ni serufu purodyuusu We may each have our differences hitori hitori chigau kedo We may each have our differences
My heart screams out loud that it wants to go!
My heart skips haato ga sukippu My heart skips haato ga sukippu It's time to tally the votes!
My heart skips haato ga sukippu My heart skips haato ga sukippu There's only one student left to grade.
My heat exhaustion's been blown away.
My heat exhaustion was blown away.
My, hello there.
My, how charming!
My, how fortunate.
My idols.
My, if it isn't Koharu-chan!
My I intrude?
My imagination went a little wild there.
My, I'm so happy!
My individuality...
My, is that how Mahiru really thinks of me?
My, it's a sweet pea.
My, it's sweet pea.
My! I've never met a male idol before!
My joy is far more than doubled.
My, just look at all the cute girls.
My, just look at that blush.
My knees have been rattling too.
My knowledge of dresses may still leave something to be desired, but all I can do now is what must be done!
My legs are shaking!
My legs hurt...
My little girl is all grown up.
My Little Heart.
"My Little Heart changes muses"... huh?
My Little Heart is holding their Autumn Collection.
My little sister who I couldn't be more proud of.
My long-held wish of establishing my own brand has already been fulfilled.
My, Mahiru really thinks that way about me?
My MC techniques are a trade secret, I'll have you know.
My mom is always traveling overseas for her modeling work, and my dad rarely ever comes home due to his business.
My mom spends a lot of her time overseas doing modeling work, and my dad rarely comes home due to his business.
My most beloved dress.
My most precious feeling...
My most precious feelings.
My mother.
My mother, as beautiful and perfect as the sun, was my aspiration.
My mother, beautiful and perfect as the sun, was my aspiration.
My mother was once the bearer of the Sun Dress.
My mouth is filled with beautiful nature!
My name is...
My name is Alice, and I am a first-year student of Venus Ark.
My name is Alice. I am a first-year student of Venus Ark.
My name is Futaba Aria.
My name is Hanazono Kirara.
My name is Koharuderella.
My name is Nijino Yume.
My name is Tsuji!
My name is Yume.
My next gig...
My next interviewees are these three ladies.
My next performance will be my last chance to get myself Grade-up Glitter.
My objective is to "Take down Mahiru".
my older sister.
My only option is to return home.
My only path is to advance!
My only rival raibaru wa My only rival raibaru wa - Is me myself - jibun jishin - Is me myself - jibun jishin And I can't stop trying to improve joushou shikou wa tomaranai And I can't stop trying to improve joushou shikou wa tomaranai Set forth towards a brilliant world
My own?
My own ambition is also to found a brand for myself.
My own personal dress, made using special Grade-up Glitter.
My own serialized column?
My own unique dress, made using special Grade-up Glitter.
My parents became worried for me, and hoping that it would help me learn to be assertive, they enrolled me into an idol school.
My parents were often out of the house on their concert tours.
My passion for singing is stronger than everyone else's!
My personal favorite, cream soda.
My preparations have gone to waste.
My princess coord is emitting elegance with its pastel colors, and is accented by a book print on the skirt.
My promise with the children came first.
My pulse is accelerating Investigator Mahiru!
My raw singing ability is still levels below Laura.
My S can only stand for Subaru-kyun!
My Serious Switch.
My Shiratori is guaranteed a million seller each time she releases a new CD.
My shouting voice and energy are especially for you kono koe to genki wo tokubetsu na kimi dake ni My shouting voice and energy are especially for you kono koe to genki wo tokubetsu na kimi dake ni My shouting voice and energy are especially for you kono koe to genki wo
My sister's always been beautiful, intelligent, and perfect at everything.
My sister's been hospitalized.
My sister's hospitalized.
My smile?
My sole purpose...
My song echoes all around the city, bringing smiles to crying children, angry people, and everyone else!
My song was withdrawn.
My stamina and loud voice can't be beaten.
- Mysterious Retirement!
Mysterious Retirement!
My stomach's growling now that I can relax.
My story is woven from each and every day we worked hard together.
My story is woven from each and every day we work hard together.
My switch just got flipped.
My, that gives it a completely different air! How fashionable!
My, that's no good.
My, that sounds wonderful.
My, the sun is so bright...
My three years at Four Star Academy were filled with irreplaceable experiences.
My throat doesn't feel right for some reason.
My throat isn't totally recovered, but if I just try my hardest, I know I'll be able to perform better than ever.
My tummy is full.
My tummy is full-full.
My Venus, Lily's Pluto, Kirara's Mercury.
My very first Rare dress!
My very first Rare Dress!
- My very own dress is so lovely!
My very own Spice Chord Cool boots!
- My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord Another hot day.
- My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord - My very own Spice Chord
My voice...
My voice always seems to get messed up after I go all out on stage.
My voice... isn't working!
My voice is working again!
My voice? It's just...
My voice? It's perfectly...
My voice... my voice isn't working!
My, what a coincidence for all three siblings to cross paths.
My, what a disappointment.
- My wish is...
My wish is to find idols as brilliant as stars and allow them to create waves in your hearts.
My wish is to find idols as brilliant as stars, and allow them to create waves in your hearts.
My wish will be granted by my own power.
My work happened to end early.
My, you came to watch, Aria-chan?
My, you're a fairy.
My, you saw the movie I was in?
nagareru namida ga kokoro wo tsuyoku suru Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart
- Nagikawa Ryuuichi - Role - Little Mermaid Marissa - Mentor Idol - Super Idol - Agency President - Rival Idol - Legendary MC - Granny Next Door - Park Owner - Actor - Saotome Ako - Nijino Yume - Yuuki Subaru - Kira Kanata - Suzuki Yoshie - Kenta Harami
nakama ga ite kureru My friends are by my side nakama ga ite kureru So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku Idol Activities aidoru katsudou Idol Activities aidoru katsudou One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
nakama ga ite kureru My friends are by my side nakama ga ite kureru So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku Idol Activities aidoru katsudou Idol Activities aidoru katsudou - One, two, three, and Aikatsu! - 1 2 3 de aikatsu!
nakama ga ite kureru So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku So here's to more time together kore kara mo yoroshiku Idol Activities aidoru katsudou Idol Activities aidoru katsudou One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
Nakitai asa ni wa On mornings I want to cry niji saku hanazono In the rainbow flower garden hohoenda sono yokogao ni The sight of your smiling profile hikareteshimau yo Entrances me closer sebyoushi ni kizamu yume no taitoru wa The title of my dream engraved into the book's spine
- Name - Birthday - Blood Type - Zodiac - Height - Favorite food - Specialty - LAURA SAKURABA - November 4 - A - Scorpio - 154 cm - Sour konbu - Singing - I'll pass no matter what!
namida mo tameiki mo kira kira to I am reborn from under the melting snow flakes toketeyuku yo snow flakes umarekawaru I am reborn from under the melting snow flakes toketeyuku yo snow flakes umarekawaru Embraced by the warm rays of light shining down atataka na komorebi ni tsutsumarenagara Embraced by the warm rays
Nanakura! It's been a while.
Nanakura! It's really been a while.
Nanakura Koharu!
Nanakura Koharu.
Nanakura Koharu Fly to the future!
Nanakura Koharu hereby requests to be re-enrolled at Four Star Academy!
Nanakura Koharu Here it is.
Nanakura Koharu I wish to design a Premium Rare Dress!
Nanakura Koharu Mahiru-chan. We're in Beauty Class together.
Nanakura Koharu Presents: Fishing Contest!
Nanakura Koharu Thank you, Four Star Academy.
Nanakura Koharu! What a frightful girl!
Nanakura Koharu Yeah, yeah! I love it!
Nanakura Koharu You were...
Nanakura Koharu Yume-chan...
Nanakura-san is always talking about you.
Nanakura-san's always been really nice to us, so we wanted to give her something in return.
Nanakura-san talks about you all the time.
Nanakura! Where are you going?!
nandatte dekichau kibun da yo The real challenge starts now shoubu wa kore kara The real challenge starts now shoubu wa kore kara I'll become who I want to be!
nani yori fusawashii kimi no namae Couldn't be anything other than your name sekai de hitotsu no monogatari ni tachiaeru kiseki It's a miracle we can bear witness to this one-in-the-world story peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known
Nanjuuoku no kiseki Now then, to commemorate your new start lines.
Nantettatte seishun Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
Nantettatte seishun What else to call it but youth?
Nara semete kono utagoe dake de mo todoke!
Naritai watashi ni nare!
naritai watashi ni natteku I've been walking towards my ideal naritai watashi ni natteku Fashion is always oshare wa itsudemo Fashion is always oshare wa itsudemo the only thing that suteki no suicchi the only thing that suteki no suicchi can flip my lovely switch, don't you see?
Naruse Ayumi of Shiny Academy.
Natsuna! Sumomo! Don't misunderstand!
Naturally.
- Naturally. Don't feel the need to hold back.
Naturally. I caught the fish myself.
Naturally. It is for that purpose that I have returned to Four Star Academy.
Naturally, I've already been approached by many wishing to partner with me.
Naturally, I've been approached by many a prospective partner.
Naturally, I won't accept anything less than beating Onee-chan and taking her place.
Naturally, I won't accept anything less than beating Onee-chan to take her place.
Naturally, that would be the "dream" of FuwaFuwa Dream.
Naturally, we'll eat it.
Nature...
Nayandemo shou ga nai!
Necklace Pearl Heart Strawberry Strawberry Flower Ribbon Maybe pumps?
Need I remind you...
Need I repeat myself?
Nee kirei yo It's as if they'll carry my dreams to a world I've never seen mada shiranai kuni made yume wo hakonde It's as if they'll carry my dreams to a world I've never seen mada shiranai kuni made yume wo hakonde It's as if they'll carry my dreams to a world I've never seen
Nee kirei yo See, aren't they pretty?
"Nee-san"?
"Nee-san"? And you said siblings... huh?
Nee-san, are you not feeling well again?
Nee-san, isn't it about time for your next gig?
Nee-san, were you coughing again?
negatibu dake ga iroase So clear it up with your brightness hodo ni akaruku hareru The world gets a bit bigger each day kinou yori hiroi sekai wo So let's enjoy it, my friends tanoshimou my friends This moment will only come once ichido kiri no ima wo Take one step towards the light
Negative, she escaped!
Negotiate under the condition that they send their staff to us.
n e i n t h e w o r l d s t o r y s e k a i d e h i t o t s u n o m o n o g a t a r i n i t a c h i
Neither.
Neither do I. You all worked so hard for this.
Neither have I.
Neither have I! How cute! How very cute!
Neither, I say.
Neither will I!
Neither will I.
Neo Venus Ark!
Neow!
Neptune's Star Premium Rare Coord.
Nervous?
Nervous again, I see.
Never!
Never fear!
Never give up!
Never give up and shine neba giba kagayaite!
Never give up and shine neba giba kagayaite Never give up and shine neba giba kagayaite Never give up and shine neba giba kagayaite - Hooray! Hooray! - Hooray! Hooray!
- Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba Never give up your smile neba giba sono egao
Never give up your smile neba giba sono egao Never give up your smile neba giba sono egao - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba - Never give up - neba giba
Nevermind, it was nothing.
Never mind. It was nothing.
Never show your face before me again!
Nevertheless...
Nevertheless, at times it is necessary to advance those traditions!
Nevertheless, I have eyes only for Star Premium Rare Coords.
New... Aikatsu.
- New Brand Competition!!
New Brand Competition!!
- New Brand Competition!! - New Brand Competition!!
New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition A multimillionaire from Russia held an audition to find a designer for a new fashion brand.
New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition New Brand Designer Audition He has put up a large amount of capital in his search for a designer.
New ideas popped into my head as I was making it.
New Princess CD Audition Now then, let's get this audition on the road.
New Princess is one of Four Star Label's spotlight plans.
- New Product - New Product - Red Cute - Beige Cute - Pink Cute - Raspberry Cute - Crazy Cute - Hime Rouge Hime Rouge - New Product - New Product - Red Cute - Beige Cute - Pink Cute - Raspberry Cute - Crazy Cute - Hime Rouge
NEW SERIES NEW SERIES Nice to meet you! My name's Yuuki Aine!
News Flash!!
- New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale Even Laura-chan is working hard
- New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert We held our new student welcome event.
New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert New Student Debut Concert We're giving out the essentials to be a Four Star Academy student: a Student ID Case and the Class Charms.
- New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert
New students?
- New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show - New Year Aikatsu Show
New Year Aikatsu Show New Year Aikatsu Show Please enjoy a song from the first-years!
New Year Aikatsu Show New Year Aikatsu Show Viewers, we'd like to wish you all a happy New Year.
New Year Idol Hidden Talent Carnival Plate Spinning Kendama Magic Calligraphy Top Spinning Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu What a mess... what are we supposed to do without Yuzu-chan?
New Year New Year Freezing-cold Freezing-cold Triathlon Triathlon You've won several other awards these few days— What compels you to work so hard for them?
~New Year Special Drama~
New Year Yuzu Special!! 888 Bouts!!
Next.
Next, an alien!
Next are press conferences for your brands.
- Next are stylish makeup techniques.
Next, empty your pockets.
Next, in second...
Next, in second: Hanazono Kirara!
Next is a first for Venus Wave...
Next is appointing your admins.
Next is a test to see who's ready for the café's opening!
Next is a test to see who's ready for the cafe to open!
Next is creating a brand name and logo design!
Next is Elza and Kirara.
Next is entry number 16, Momoi Kokoro-san.
Next is entry number 17, Kasumi Mahiru-san?
Next is entry number 17, Kasumi Mahiru-san.
Next is Mahiru's turn.
Next is Mori Kirari-san.
- Next is my most anticipated scene with Subaru-kyun!
Next is reshelving books.
Next is Saotome Ako-san.
Next is the beach area.
Next is the cream croquette curry ice.
Next is the fourth task.
Next is the highly anticipated Kasumi Mahiru!
Next is the singing segment. Let's try to put this behind us and move on.
Next is the super idol from S4, Nikaidou Yuzu-san!
Next is what we've been waiting for.
Next is your third task.
Next, it's my turn.
Next, Kaiyama Umi.
Next, Kasumi Mahiru will hold a performance.
Next, Koharu-chan!
Next, Mahiru-san.
Next, making her first appearance on the show, is Nijino Yume-san.
Next, Nijino Yume.
Next, Nonomiya Saki.
Next on the schedule...
Next, press conferences for your brands.
Next... Sakuma Rena.
Next, Sakuraba.
Next, scene 4. What was with your acting? You looked like a puppet.
Next, sometimes a child may wander off by themselves, but it's your job to bring them back into the group.
Next, stylish makeup techniques.
- Next, Stylish makeup techniques.
Next, the top scorer of Theater Class.
Next time I come, I'll bring a whole bunch more, so you be sure to get all better.
Next time I expect you to prepare a better excuse.
Next time I'll win!
Next time, I'll work even harder so I can end up happy.
Next time, I'll work even harder so that I'll end up happy.
Next time I'm definitely gonna win!
Next time on Aikatsu Stars!
Next time we meet will be on the stage.
Next to take the stage, from Venus Ark... Erika!
Next to take the stage is the Venus Ark idol, Erika.
Next up are Beauty Class's Kasumi Yozora and Mahiru sisters' stage!
Next up is a sisters performance from Beauty Class's Kasumi Yozora and Mahiru!
Next up is Beauty Class.
Next up is finally Mahiru.
Next up is Kasumi Mahiru from Beauty Class!
Next up is math.
Next up is my turn. I'm going to beat Onee-chan!
Next up is our insight advice corner.
Next up is Shiratori Hime-san's performance!
Next up is the drawing for the Final Tournament!
Next up is the girls band known for its roadside shows, Rock! Rock Girls!
Next up is the in-sync challenge!
Next up is your one-day weathercaster, Nijino Yume, with the weather forecast for the Suzukaze Plateau.
Next up is you three. This way.
Next up, Shiratori Hime-san is also on the set.
Next week, a sheep from New Zealand will be coming to visit us in the studio.
Next week is just way too sudden.
Next we have Hasumi Shouko.
Next, we have the number one hyped rookie model, Kasumi Mahiru-san.
Next we have the number one watched rookie model, Kasumi Mahiru-san.
Next we'll decide my song.
Next, we need to reshelve books.
Next will be Beauty Class.
Nice!
Nice Aikatsu!
Nice Aikatsu! Let's get right into the next lesson.
Nice catch.
Nice catch. Good luck with the rest.
Nice catch, Tsubasa-senpai!
Nice fight.
Nice idea. I think you'd look great.
Nice! I got Subaru-kyun to remember my name!
Nice, I like it!
Nice, I like the sound of that.
Nice. It makes me want to get some autumn clothes.
Nice, it's great!
Nice! It's so very nice!
Nice job.
Nice, Koharu!
Nice! Let's go again!
Nice, nice!
Nice! Okay, we'll see how it goes.
Nice one!
Nice one, Laura!
Nice one, Tsubasa-senpai!
Nice reaction.
Nice, Rei-chan!
Nice response.
Nice. She's very nice.
Nice! So nice!
Nice! That's a nice smile!
Nice to meet'cha. I'm...
Nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you. I'm Elza's secretary, Kizaki Rei.
Nice to meet you, Nijino Yume-chan.
Nice to meet you too, Laura-san.
Nice to meet you, Tsubasa-chan!
- Nice to meet you, woo!
Nice to officially meet you, Nijino Yume-chan.
Nice work, Koharu-chan.
Nice work today, everyone.
Nico-chan! Coco-chan!
n i E n t r a n c e s m e c l o s e r h i k a r e t e s h i m a u y o s e b y o u s h i n i k i z a
Nii-san...
Nijino!
Nijino?
Nijino.
Nijino...
Nijino and Sakuraba saved our necks there.
Nijino, can you keep up?
Nijino, don't listen to other opinions!
Nijino, don't listen to what people say!
Nijino has been increasing her skill set from her classmate, Sakuraba Laura.
Nijino has been learning a great deal from her classmate, Sakuraba Laura.
Nijino has certainly gained more than enough skill to win due to her time in S4.
Nijino has her individuality, and you have your own individuality as well, Sakuraba.
Nijino, head on over to the Headmaster's office.
Nijino, how have you been lately?
Nijino, I have high hopes for your performance.
- Nijino is running around between the gaps in her schedule to help Sakuraba.
Nijino is running around using her gaps of free time to help Sakuraba.
Nijino, just you.
Nijino, just you now.
Nijino, Sakuraba, I guess you were the interviewers today...
Nijino-san?
Nijino-san.
Nijino-san, as I recall it was your dream to join S4.
Nijino-san, can I ask for a smile?
Nijino-san, good morning!
Nijino-san, go to the infirmary right away.
Nijino-san is still at it.
Nijino-san is still at it this late.
Nijino-san, it's time.
Nijino-san, we really can't thank you enough!
Nijino-san, we've arrived.
Nijino-san, what brings you here?
Nijino-san worked really hard on this surprise.
Nijino-san worked really hard to make this surprise.
Nijino-san, you have a remarkable sense of balance.
Nijino-san, you're my right-hand girl.
Nijino-san, you've stated that your dream was to join S4.
Nijino-senpai!
Nijino, stand up and say a few words.
Nijino, the car's ready.
Nijino will grow stronger upon the foundation she laid today.
Nijino, you're a step too slow!
Nijino, you're helping out?
Nijino, you're terrible. You need to strengthen your abs.
Nijino Yume!
Nijino Yume.
Nijino Yume...
Nijino Yume and Sakuraba Laura!
Nijino Yume, blood type O.
Nijino Yume CD Release Handshake Event Nijino Yume CD Release Handshake Event I swear...
Nijino Yume-chan!
Nijino Yume-chan.
Nijino Yume-chan gathered a large amount of votes on the final day, pushing her into fourth.
Nijino Yume Come in.
Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Nijino Yume ☆ First Solo Live Grade-Up Glitter is a special
Nijino Yume Good work, Yume.
Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume Handshake Event Nijino Yume
Nijino Yume, here for the Song Class audition!
Nijino Yume, I'm certain you can climb your way back up.
Nijino Yume is about to start her Aikatsu!
Nijino Yume It's a treat from Koukadou! How cute!
Nijino Yume! I will most certainly not lose to you!
Nijino Yume! I will not lose to you!
- Nijino Yume - Join S4!!
- Nijino Yume - Join S4!! - My dream!
- Nijino Yume - Nanakura Koharu Caroline disappeared?!
Nijino Yume new brand production: The Rainbow Etoile Coord.
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Aikatsu! Ranking - Aikatsu! Ranking - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
- Nijino Yume Nijino Yume And it's only gonna get higher after today's gig with Carol-tan!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Concept Materials Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Concept Materials Concept Materials Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Concept Materials Concept Materials Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume New Brand Announcement New Brand Announcement New Brand Announcement What's all this about a new brand?
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume All you need to do is pick your favorite style and colors.
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement - New Brand Announcement Yume-chan!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume-chan!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Good afternoon, everyone!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime -
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Concept Materials Concept Materials - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Concept Materials Concept Materials
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Everyone, thank you!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Huh?
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume It's true! I've got so much Glitter!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume All you need to do is pick your favorite styles and colors.
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Solo Live!!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Then take the Aikatsu Mobile and...
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Then the dress that I need to make right now is...
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Kazama Kaoru - Kazama Kaoru
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Yume?
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Yozora - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Congratulations, Yume-chan.
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume What kind of dress should I make today...
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Now what kind of dress should I make today...
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Special Solo Live Special Solo Live Here you are. Good work, Yume-chan.
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Then just use the Aikatsu Mobile like so...
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - Free Entry - Free Entry - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - Free Entry - Free Entry - Please come and watch!!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume's First Solo Live!
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume She passes Sakuraba Laura and rises to the top!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume She's doing something weird again.
Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Shiratori Hime Right before Hime-senpai.
- Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume The winner is entry number 10, Nijino Yume-san!
Nijino Yume Nijino Yume This is... Venus Ark?
Nijino Yume! No matter how hard you may try, I shall always be there to crush...
Nijino Yume, read to go!
Nijino Yume—ready for another day of Aikatsu!
Nijino Yume, ready to apply!
Nijino Yume, ready to go!
Nijino Yume—ready to kick my Aikatsu up another notch!
- Nijino Yume, ready to up her Aikatsu with eyes on S4!
- Nijino Yume, ready to up my Aikatsu to join S4!
Nijino Yume, ready to up my Aikatsu with eyes on S4!
Nijino Yume, returned and ready!
Nijino Yume's about to start her Aikatsu!
Nijino Yume's Aikatsu is about to start!
Nijino Yume's Aikatsu is about to Start!
Nijino Yume's Aikatsu is starting!
- Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura Nice Aikatsu!
Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Maruyama Sakura Maruyama Sakura - Halftime Show Center Audition - First Audition Results - First Audition Results - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Kagayama Rumiko - Kagayama Rumiko - Hanahata Nana - Hanahata Nana - Otoha Yukina - Otoha Yukina - Nijino Yume -
Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Maruyama Sakura Maruyama Sakura We both made it!
Nijino Yume-san and Nanakura Koharu-san!
Nijino Yume-san will progress to the Final Stage!
Nijino Yume-san, yes?
Nijino Yume-san, you're five minutes late.
Nijino Yume. She may stand at the peak of Four Star Academy in S4...
Nijino Yume's new brand: Rainbow Berry Parfait!
- Nijino Yume - Solo Live!!
Nijino Yume Solo Live!!
Nijino Yume, the next person to claim a center position will be none other than me!
Nijino Yume, the next person to claim the title of center Don't you think it's hard for her to face you after losing?
Nijino Yume The world's brightest star... that's great!
Nijino Yume The younger girls had me on the ropes, so I'm glad I managed to pull it off.
Nijino Yume, was it?
Nijino Yume, we're classmates.
Nijino Yume, were you listening to me?
Nijino Yume, were you truly listening to what I said?
Nijino Yume. You are here for one reason and one reason only.
Nijino Yume, you're a mystery.
Nijino Yume You're late, Yume.
Nijino Yume, you've exceeded yourself!
Nijino Yume, you've outdone yourself!
Nikaidou?
Nikaidou, at times like this you should listen to your heart!
Nikaidou has won her third consecutive Selection!
Nikaidou is a given, but the rest of S4 have really grown into their positions.
Nikaidou is the top of Dance Class, with the skill to join S4 in her second year.
Nikaidou is the top student of Dance Class, with enough skill to join S4 in her second year.
Nikaidou-san?
Nikaidou-san, congratulations!
Nikaidou's dance technique evolves with each passing day!
Nikaidou, that's a nice smile!
Nikaidou was the one who suggested it.
Nikaidou, you're the best!
Nikaidou! Your words are as straightforward and unabashed as always!
Nikaidou! Your words are honest and refreshing as always!
Nikaidou Yuzu!
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime -
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura Drawings have placed Dance Class and Beauty Class on the first day.
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura The second day will be Theater Class and Song Class.
Nikaidou Yuzu here! First is my greeting!
Nikaidou Yuzu here! I'd like to say something first!
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Entry - Entry - Entry - Entry - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu Fun is the best!
- Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu Nikaidou Yuzu The top of Dance Class is...
Nikaidou Yuzu-san, congratulations on winning.
Nikaidou Yuzu-san, congratulations on your victory.
ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni In the palm of the hand you extend, a cloudless sky above our heads sashidasareta te no hira ni kumo hitotsu nai sora ni
nimotsu wa hanbun Then our joy yorokobi wa Then our joy yorokobi wa - Will be doubled - nibai da ne - Will be doubled - nibai da ne There's no need for affirmation!
Nine, ten!
N-Nanking.
N-Never mind.
N-N-N...
N-No?
N-No.
N-No...
N-No. Anyway, do you know what day you'll be recording it?
N-No. Anyway, do you know what day your recording is?
N-No! I'm the legendary sea monster, kraken!
N-No, it just slipped my mind!
N-No, it's just...
N-No, I've just never heard anyone say it so directly before.
N-No, not really...
N-Not at all...
N-Not bad, I must admit.
N-Not bad, in my opinion.
N-No thank you.
N-No, that's not it! It's just...
N-Nothing really.
N-Nothing, really.
N-Nothing you need to know.
N-No way...
N-No way! Throwing beans at you would be...
N-Nurse Nanakura! It's Kirara-san!
- No!
No!
No.
No...
No, actually, Nanakura-sama is...
No adversity must halt my voice.
No, Aikatsu is not so forgiving as to allow someone to do it half-heartedly.
No, and it's locked too.
No, and we were planning to use it for the film we made with Yume before the curtain rise.
No, and we were planning to use it for the footage we made with Yume before the show.
No arguments here. Let's kill it!
No, because I'm only third-baked, I've caused so much trouble!
No, because now it's our turn to show her our power.
Nobody came...
Nobody can compete with someone who grew up in a confectionery shop.
Nobody can save you.
Nobody can say for sure where Aikatsu or competitions will end up. That's why they're fun.
Nobody can steal my dream but myself.
Nobody can stop a raging gale.
Nobody can stop talking about Yozora-senpai and Mahiru-chan.
Nobody can stop the desire to grow and mature. I know that better than you!
Nobody can take her position as the songstress of Aikatsu.
Nobody can tell where the chips will fall.
Nobody knows. Only Elza-sama can decide when she wishes to awaken.
nobody's ever seen before mita koto mo nai keshiki mi ni ikou Our adventure is starting bouken ga hajimaru yo Our adventure is starting bouken ga hajimaru yo It's just new world It's just new world It's just new world It's just new world Lily-senpai looks so happy.
Nobody should be able to object to her passing the first test.
Nobody's passing by.
Nobody spotted even a glimpse of them.
Nobody's reflexes are as good as yours, Yuzu-sama!
Nobody's used it in forever, so they call it the forbidden room.
Nobody will be able to help you.
No, but I can determine her abilities at a glance.
No, but the next thing we'll show you will.
No can do.
No, come flying to the show!
No doubt, I want to be like Hime-senpai...
No fair, Laura!
No! Flowers bloomed when she sang.
No fluke could make a performance like that.
No, for real, I haven't felt this way since Hime.
No, for real. I haven't felt this way since Hime-chan.
No, for we are perfect!
No guarantee you'll be able to return safely if you go.
No hard feelings no matter who wins!
No hard feelings, okay?
No, her name is Tamae-san.
No, I am of the same mind as you.
No, I am the one who must be thanking you.
No, I can handle this much.
No, I can lead Subaru-kyun's heart right into my arms!
No, I can't accept that!
"No, I can't believe I drew 'great curse'!
"No, I can't believe I drew great curse!
- No, I couldn't disagree more.
No idea.
No idea, but it'd be hard for any of us first-years.
No, I decided to enter.
No, I don't wanna.
No, I get you. We're only five days from the Final Tournament.
No, I have a bad feeling about this.
No, I just said I was a kraken.
No... I just wanted Koharu-chan to be happy...
No, I'll help search for the intruder.
No, I'm...
No, I made sure to pay the electric bill!
No, I'm afraid I was attacked from behind while doing my rounds.
No, I'm fine.
No, I'm fine now.
No, I'm good.
No I'm not! It's just the New Year's show, so I figured I'd check it out.
No, I'm okay.
No, I'm really barely doing anything yet.
No, I'm scared!
No, I plan to go for a bit of training.
No, I plan to spend this summer at Four Star Academy.
No, I plan to spend this year at Four Star Academy.
No, I really get you!
No, I really think it would benefit them more if you...
No, I should apologize too.
No! I should be able to get through this with a kiraran!
No, isn't anybody here?
No! Isn't anybody here?
No... Isn't there any way we can stop her?
No, it appears she respectfully declined.
No, it never existed!
No, it's all right.
No, it's Body Bird!
No, it's fine.
No, it's Japanese mustard spinach!
No, it's make sure you don't stress out the sheep!
No, it's more like her soul itself hit me from the stage.
No, it's nothing.
No, it's not like we'll never meet again...
No, it's not your fault.
No, it's our turn to show her our power now.
No, it's still not enough.
No, it's still true.
No, it's two.
No, it's wrong! This isn't what I'm going for!
No. It was locked too.
No, it was my fault too.
No, it wasn't like that.
No, I've barely done anything so far.
No, I was in the movie.
No, I will capture Subaru-kyun's heart all for myself!
No, I will not!
No, I will not go anywhere!
No, I will not return!
No, I won't abandon it. I'm enhancing it.
No! Kirara can "Kiraran" her way through this!
No less from a top model!
No luck here, either.
No matter.
No matter how far the branches spread, they're all connected at the roots.
No matter how high quality the beef, it all goes to waste if not enjoyed while sizzling hot.
No matter how incredible everyone else is donna ni sugoi hitotachi ga iru no No matter how incredible everyone else is donna ni sugoi hitotachi ga iru no Even backed into a corner, wings about to break tsubasa ga oresou na pinchi ni sae Even backed into a corner, wings about to break
No matter how much I want to catch up or how desperately I run after her, she's always relaxed and smiling, just out of reach.
No matter how scary it is, so long as I'm here I'll never leave you alone.
No matter how scary it is, so long as I'm here, I'll never leave you alone.
No matter how spectacular the show, it would be impossible to get a Grade-up Glitter.
No matter the case, if I judge her to be unfit for Four Star Academy, Aikatsu Stars! Go Go Start Campaign!
No matter the challenger, there is not a single idol alive who can surpass me now.
No matter what.
No matter what happens...
No matter what happens, I swear I'll never run away again.
No matter what happens, I will see my dream through to the end!
No matter what ills befall my body, I will allow no one to take my dream away.
No matter what obstacles you face, you don't give in and forge on with all your strength.
No matter what outfit you're in, you need to be able to strike a pose.
No matter what you do, my decision is final.
No matter what you do, you'll never make it into S4.
No matter when and where, I'll gloriously bloom in this dress!
No matter who you're with or what you're up against, you bust through it with a bright red face.
No more negativity!
No more than 300 yen worth of snacks.
No need. I just said the truth.
No need to say it twice.
No, negativity is bad! No more negativity!
None, I'm not writing one.
None of them. I'm not writing one.
None of the students pay attention to current trends, and viewing their classmates as enemies in the fight for the best grades, they focus solely on studying for their entrance exams, never making a single friend.
None of this really seems like you.
none other than S4's Nikaido Yuzu.
Nonetheless, I will never submit!
Nonetheless, I will never submit.
No, never.
Non, non, non!
No! No! No!
No, no, no, no!
No, no! Once more, from the top.
No, not at all!
No, not at all.
No, not at all. And I still have a long way to go.
No, nothing at all.
No, not me. It was addressed to Elza.
No, not really.
No, not yet.
No, no, you need to project your voice.
No one can stop the desire to grow and mature. I know that better than anyone!
No one could have known...
No one knew their name, nor even their gender.
No one reported any suspicious figures.
No one told me about this!
No one told us about this!
No ordinary human could pull that off!
No ordinary person may lay eyes on it.
No outcome would surprise me at this S4 Selection.
No overeating, okay?
No particular reason. I just assumed that this is what Koharu would have done.
Nope.
Nope, it was a huge success.
No problem.
No problem! Japan's got awesome delivery service!
No problem! Something like this isn't even enough to make our academy flinch.
No problem! This isn't enough to even make Four Star Academy flinch.
No problem! We don't go on until near the end.
No problem! We're not going on until near the end.
No, really? Got it, I'll be right over.
No real reason. Well, what can I say...
No, reduction makeup suits you the best, Monica.
Normally this would call for costumed children going door to door cheering and screaming, surprising whoever opens the door with a "trick or treat", And this year we've taken inspiration from a picture book loved by all, and made the theme Halloween Magic!
Normally, this would call for costumed children parading door to door, offering neighbors a choice of trick or treat, but Halloween night at Four Star Academy is a bit different!
Normally, you'd be the first one to say you wouldn't miss S4 for anything.
Nose deep in reference books, coke-bottle glasses, Studyholic Notes Nose deep in unfashionable, exhausted-looking makeup... what else?
No, she could not possibly lose.
No, she said you were interesting.
No, she's still asleep.
No, stop!
No student council president would ever abandon a student in need!
No sweat!
Not acting like herself? That's exactly what I've been trying to tell Yume!
Not anywhere special. I was just about to head home with Nii-san.
Not a one...
Not a single day was without meaning.
Not a single one? That is amazing.
Not at all!
Not at all...
Not at all, actually.
Not at all. I'm planning on continuing my Aikatsu at my new school.
Not at all. I simply enjoy drawing.
Not at all. I was a bit surprised, but it's fine. Thanks for coming.
Not at all! We'll catch up later.
Not at the moment. She's backstage stretching and doing vocal exercises.
Not bad for your first foray.
- Not bad for your first performance.
- Not bad for your first try.
Not bad, Hanazono Kirara!
Not bad, your grassroots Aikatsu.
Not bad, Yume.
Not enough?
Not even a little!
Not even close!
Not even I know what the president's favorite flavor is.
Not even one? That is amazing.
Not even reason blocks her way.
- Not even the pinnacle of the Aikatsu we know could hope to surpass her.
Not even the pinnacle of the Aikatsu we know today could hope to surpass her.
Not even you can be a whole band alone.
Not ever!
Not everyone can do what you did.
Not everyone can get a Grade-Up Glitter this quickly.
Not gonna eat it?
Not good.
Not good enough.
No thanks!
- No thank you.
No, thank you.
No, thank you. I could tell you did it because of how much you care for your fans.
No, thank you. Seeing it make you so happy has made me glad too.
No, thank you. Seeing you so happy has made me glad too.
No, that is not the case.
No, that's not how it worked.
No, that's not necessary.
No, that's not what I...
No, that's too dangerous.
No, that will not be necessary.
No, that won't last long enough.
No, that would be impossible.
No, the location is closer to your home.
No, the real fight starts now!
No, there's no way.
No. The show may be important, but this is also a big part of my Aikatsu.
No, they did well enough removing one of them.
No, they might not be getting the greatest smiles they can yet!
Nothing!
Nothing.
Nothing...
Nothing can stop me!
Nothing compares to having a rival.
Nothing compares to the cool, refreshing breeze of early morning Aikatsu.
Nothing compares to the cool, refreshing breeze of early-morning Aikatsu.
Nothing else matters as long as I can do that!
Nothing happened this time thanks to Hime-senpai...
Nothing, I'm fine.
Nothing, I'm just relieved.
Nothing. I'm just relieved.
Nothing in life is pointless.
Nothing made me happier than singing.
Nothing more nor less.
Nothing of the sort.
Nothing really happened.
Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way toki ni korondari tsumazuitari shita kedo There were times we tripped and fell over
Nothing! There's nothing!
No, this is our chance!
No, this is our chance to come back!
No, this was supposed to be your event, and I really need to get home.
No. Though you may have the will, your body cannot keep up.
No. Though you may have the will, your body can't keep up.
Not if we can help it!
Not if Yuzu gets it first!
Not in a million years!
Not in the slightest.
Not like being good at sprinting is actually going to help me pass.
- Not like being good at sprints is actually going to help me pass.
Not like it's any different this time, but isn't this too intense just for a warmup?
Not like this, but more bright and shiny!
Not many people come in late on their first day.
Not much longer until the S4 Selection.
Not once have I attempted to bring an idol down.
Not once have I needed the help of another.
Not one...
Not only did I fail, but we ended up arguing.
Not only do you have your own brand, but you design dresses too... that's something special.
Not only must we grasp our shop's draws, we must also be sincere in our appeals the reach the hearts of shoppers.
Not only that, but Yuzu-senpai got Star Wings too.
Not only their name, but their gender was never truly revealed.
Not on my watch!
No, to the left.
Not professionally or anything.
Not quite!
Not quite... the Playful Fallen Angel.
Not really.
Not simply her dress, but her singing and dancing were all marvelous to behold.
Not so fast, Yume-chan.
Not so fast, Yume. You'll have to beat me before you can say that.
Not sure.
Not sure...
Not that I care, but could you not get so into this?
Not that she caught even a hint of your feelings.
Not the tickles...
Not the way she's always sincere and straightforward...
Not tickles!
Not to mention her Blooming Queen Coord.
Not to mention how much balance she must have to hold so steady.
Not to mention she's never made it to the end of an outing.
Not too bad.
Not too long ago...
Not to Onee-chan either!
Not true.
Not until I fulfill my dream.
- No two things are perfectly identical in this world.
- No two things in the world are alike.
No two things in the world are perfectly alike.
Not yet...
Not yet... it's still not enough.
Not yet. The real battle for this area starts now.
Now a caveman! A catgirl!
Now a cavewoman! A catgirl!
Now announcing the results for Song Class.
Now, a question for you, Sakuraba.
Now, a short interview with the winner.
Now, a toast to your new start lines.
- No way!
- No way.
No way!
No way...
No way anyone would know.
No way... but when?
No way! Even for her...
No way... has she come to steal the throne of Felicitaiyaki?!
No way I could stay in one place!
No way! I just want to clean!
No way, it's too embarrassing.
No way! My second favorite thing after ice cream is cleaning!
No way, no way.
No way! Seriously?
No way! That's scientifically impossible!
No way, why?
No way! You're not a weak person at all.
No way. Yozora-senpai couldn't possibly be here, could she?
No way. Yozora-senpai couldn't possibly be in here, right?
Now, come over here!
No, we'll make it happen!
No, we lost.
Now for another day of Aikatsu!
Now for another day of hard work and Aikatsu!
Now for her results.
Now for the casting.
Now for the halftime show you've all been waiting for.
Now for the jump!
Now for the styling lesson.
Now for the test.
Now for your makeup.
Now get off Venus Ark.
Now, give it a try.
Now go on standby.
Now go out and get on it.
Now go prove it...
- No, what are you doing here?
Now head on over to see the headmaster.
Nowhere in particular.
No whining, just do as I say.
No whining. Just do as I say.
Now, how would you set up the equation if you applied it to your show?
Now I can lead the talk...
Now I can look back fondly on those memories.
Now if only Kirara could feel that way as well.
Now I just have to wait until my turn.
Now I just need to put the year's emotions into song!
Now I just need to put this whole year's emotions into song!
Now I know why you can't see how much more amazing Yume-chan is.
Now I'll be able to make a unique dress!
Now I'll cheer for you!
Now I'll present my coord.
Now I'm just welling up with motivation!
Now, I must steel my heart and part with my beloved Subaru-kyun!
Now introducing the muse of Romance Kiss, Kasumi Mahiru!
Now, is it true or false?!
Now is the time for me to devote myself to reaching my dream!
Now is the time for us all to do what we can, for Yuzu and for ourselves!
Now is the time for us all to do what we can, for Yuzu's sake as well!
Now is the time to focus solely on reaching my dream!
Now is the time to show you my finely honed sense of balance I polished through my Aikatsu!
Now is when we need to get serious.
Now it's finally settled.
Now it's Kirara's turn!
Now it's my and Kirara-chan's turns to show what we can do.
Now it's my turn to do the same for Aria-chan.
Now it's my turn to get serious.
Now, it's time for our advice corner.
Now, it's up to you to put on the greatest show you can.
Now it's your turn to advance it as you see fit.
Now it's your turn to take them.
Now it's your turn, Yume-chan.
Now I've got the knee shakes.
Now I want nothing but to enjoy my Aikatsu.
Now I want to find what makes me unique.
Now I will announce the results of this year's competition.
Now I will be able to see my concert through...
Now, let my heart fill with pride, so that I may take the stage!
- Now, let's bring on the muse of My Little Heart, Shiratori Hime-san!
Now, let's bring out the muse of My Little Heart, Shiratori Hime-san!
- Now let's bring to the stage the muse of My Little Heart, Shiratori Hime-san!
Now, let's get back to Criticism Time.
Now let's get this going!
Now, let's go!
Now let's light it on fire!
Now, let Venus Wave begin!
Now lift your chin up Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await Opportunities await chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru Opportunities await chansu ga matteru Hime-senpai is just unbelievable.
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete I want to join S4 too!
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await chansu ga matteru Opportunities await chansu ga matteru Opportunities await chansu ga matteru
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await Opportunities await Opportunities await chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru I've never seen a concert like this before!
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await Opportunities await chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru Ladies and gentlemen!
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await Opportunities await chansu ga matteru chansu ga matteru You were amazing, Yume-chan!
Now lift your chin up saa kao wo agete Opportunities await chansu ga matteru The results have been tabulated from both the live and remote audience votes.
Now, more importantly...
Now nice. It really does make me want to get some autumn clothes.
Now, nobody can ever compare to Elza-san.
Now, now. Save it for after our appearance.
Now, now. Save it for after our job.
Now, now. You know better than anyone else that I'm strongest when the chips are down.
No wonder she's the hope of Theater Class.
No wonder she was able to nab Star Wings at her first appearance as muse.
No wonder she was able to nab Star Wings right away during her muse debut.
No wonder they're identical.
No wonder you're the number one idol people want to receive chocolate from!
No wonder you're the number one "Idol You Most Want To Receive Chocolate From"!
Now on sale!
Now, onwards!
Now our job is to make this interesting.
Now, our princesses await us.
Now presenting Monica and Amy.
Now presenting the muse of Romance Kiss, Kasumi Mahiru!
Now prove how brightly you can shine...
Now raise it above your head.
Now reporting live on scene.
Now, set sail!
- Now spin about and dive over to the next tree branch - sou kondo wa kururi to mawatte tonari no eda e daibingu - Now spin about and dive over to the next tree branch - sou kondo wa kururi to mawatte tonari no eda e daibingu Yeah! Go all about the forest and
Now spin about and dive over to the next tree branch sou kondo wa kururi to mawatte tonari no eda e daibingu Now spin about and dive over to the next tree branch sou kondo wa kururi to mawatte tonari no eda e daibingu Yeah! Go all about the forest and
Now, stand up and try to sing.
Now's the time to band together and put those Shadow Stars under lock and key!
Now's the time to show you the finely honed sense of balance I polished through my Aikatsu!
Now, that doesn't mean I'm vexed about the situation or anything.
Now that Haruka's here, let's get this party started.
Now that I have accepted, I must do the necessary preparations.
Now that I have been granted a Star Premium Rare Coord, I feel as though I can overcome any obstacle in my path.
Now that I have it, I no longer have need of them.
Now that I look around, why is it so bright despite being in the middle of a blackout?
Now that I look around, why is it so bright even though we're in a blackout?
Now that I recall, Nijino Yume will be there too.
Now that I think about it...
Now that I think about it, this is the first time I've ever actually seen M4 perform.
Now that it's come to this, we have no choice but to look outside of Dance Class.
Now that it's come to this, we will need to prepare Song Class for the worst-case scenario.
Now that it's over, we've got a day off.
Now that I've got it, I need to prepare!
Now that I've got my direction, it's time to dive into the composition!
Now that's the look of someone full of confidence.
Now that that's decided, how are we supposed to act?
Now that that's decided, let's get ready!
Now that the party has reached its peak, here's our shocking, astounding, surprise performance!
Now that the person I've always wanted to surpass has become number one, I can't contain my excitement.
Now that we're all here, let's head out!
Now that we're all set, let's get cracking!
Now that we're finished, it's time for Elza-san and Mahiru-chan.
Now that we're here, this is the reason I've called this meeting.
Now that you have shown your knowledge, you will face a test of stamina.
Now that you have your own brand, why didn't you make a Premium Rare Dress?
Now that you know, be ready for the audition in three days.
Now that you mention it...
Now that you mention it, I guess she does kind of, or kind of not...
Now that you mention it, I guess she kind of does, and kind of doesn't...
Now that you mention it, she did enroll at Venus Ark.
Now that you mention it, she did enroll in Venus Ark.
Now that you mention it, we are.
Now that you're in S4, what's your new dream?
Now that you're in, there's no room for half-heartedness.
Now that you're in, you have to aim for the top.
Now that you're in, you're not holding anything back.
Now that you say it...
Now that you've all made it into your respective classes, we've decided to give all you first-years a taste of what it's like on Aikatsu TV!
Now then!
Now then.
Now then...
Now then, about the theme.
Now then, both idols have had their turn!
Now then, change into these.
Now then, compete with everything you have and leave nothing on the table!
Now then, contestants. Please give us a few words on your thoughts regarding the Final Tournament.
Now then, girls. Are you prepared to start?
Now then, girls. Are you ready?
Now then, guess I'll do some cleaning.
Now then, here for her first visit is Four Star Academy's Nijino Yume-san.
Now then, how is it going?
- Now then, I'll see you after.
Now then, I should probably hand these over to you.
Now then, I think we have a good grasp on the progression.
Now then, it's finally time.
Now then, it's off to our next location.
Now then, it's time for the finals!
Now then, it's time for your test.
Now then, I've got a favor I'd like to ask you.
Now then, I will present the final hint.
Now then, I would like to do a final confirmation of what booths will be run during the school festival.
Now then, I would like to do a final rundown of the booths that will be at the school festival.
Now then, Kasumi Yozora-san has included her vote as well.
Now then, Kirara's gonna join!
Now then, let Halloween Night: Four Star Academy vs. Venus Ark begin!
Now then, let's get right into the event.
Now then, let's raise the curtain on their stage!
Now then, let's slice the onions!
Now then, let's tally up the votes!
Now then, little princesses.
Now then, looks like our lessons finally start tomorrow.
Now then, lovely ladies.
Now then, may I have your attention?
Now then, off we go!
Now then, please change into this.
Now then, please read the following kanji.
Now then, relocate to the lesson room.
Now then, since you've all been safely sorted into your classes, we've decided to give you all a taste of what it's like on Aikatsu TV!
Now then, starting from the top!
Now then, the results are in.
Now then, this is the Bird Theater Class.
Now then, time to get our hands dirty.
Now then, time to put my heart into picking the perfect outfit.
Now then, tomorrow's finally our first day of lessons.
Now then, we also have a video from Kizaki Rei-san that we'd like to play.
Now then, we'll have these three draw their own lots, and whatever remains will go to Kizaki-san.
Now then, we're finally ready to get this Final Stage started!
Now then, what are you thinking?
Now then, which roses would you like?
Now then, who shined the brightest?
Now then, why don't we chat over a meal until it's time to go?
Now then, why don't we enjoy chatting over a meal until it's time?
Now then, would you fix the blackout?
Now then, Yuzu-senpai. I believe it's about time to share your special intel on Subaru-kyun!
Now there's a sudden storm?!
Now those are some nice smiles.
Now tighten your core and turn!
Now to capture the limelight...
Now to recommence the boat making!
Now to show him my acting prowess!
Now, to the stage!
Now to train myself to the same level as this Citrus Tea Time Coord.
Now, trick or treat!
Now try taking off that equipment.
Now try to Lun Lun!
Now we can be the double muse of FuwaFuwa Dream!
Now we can memorize them and have fun too!
Now we have all four.
Now we'll move to record the theme song!
Now we'll take the candy as proof of our conquest.
Now we're all here.
Now, we're all just dying to see what S Yume got.
Now we're even.
now we're even, so...
Now we see another reason why she's known as Perfect Elza.
Now what?
Now what? Can we still finish in time?
Now what do we do...
Now, what formula would that make if you apply it to your show?
Now what should we practice?
Now, where can I find Yuzu-chan's partner?
Now, where does that place Momoi Kokoro?
Now, which class was the best?
Now, which class was the most entertaining?
Now, which of these four will rise to become the top idol?
Now, which punishment would you prefer?
Now why?
Now you're just kicking her out?
Now you're looking boiled.
Now you're talking. Let's show the world what we're really made of.
Now you're talking. You're my number one rival, Yume.
Now you're well and truly a student of Four Star.
No, you can't.
No, you did all the hard work.
No, you didn't...
No, you got here just in time.
No, you have nothing to apologize for.
No, you never know how competitions will turn out until they happen.
No, you seem pretty excited to me.
No, you won't be able to expand it enough.
No, Yume-chan's coord is gonna be way cooler!
No, Yume-chan's coord is gonna be way more awesome!
Nozomu-kun.
Nozomu-kun, now's your chance!
Number eight: Girls Flag Coord!
Number five. If you wish for skill in dance, step to the rhythm of time.
Number five. To sharpen your dance moves, step to the rhythm of time.
Number four. If you meet a beautiful person in the art room, you yourself will become just as beautiful.
- Number of available seats: 2000 Remaining - View alternative seating Huh?
Number of available seats: 2000 Remaining View alternative seating So no tickets have been sold at all.
Number six. After nightfall, open your ears to the melody of a tiny piano, and say a charm to make your singing improve.
- Number six. Open your ears at night to the melody of a tiny piano, - Number six. Open your ears to the melody of a tiny piano, - And a chant will make your singing improve.
Number three. If you desire flair, find the dancing fairy!
Number three: Purple London Check Coord!
Nurse...
Nurse Nanakura!
Nyan!
Objection!
Obviously, I don't have any intention of leaving Four Star Academy...
- Obviously! There's not a single person who isn't afraid of failing!
Oda Masumi. Iwasaki Mika.
Of course!
Of course.
Of course...
Of course. And Yume, this will be a live broadcast, so do try not to stutter.
Of course. Aria-chan's Aikatsu belongs to her alone.
Of course. Aria-chan's Aikatsu belong to her alone.
Of course, Ayumi-san.
Of course. Bring it on!
Of course. Bring it on.
Of course. But were it Napoleon Bonaparte, he would say: "Take time to deliberate.
Of course! Choco...
Of course. Don't feel the need to hold back.
Of course. Do you all know of the brand that I am the main model for, Romance Kiss?
Of course. Do you all know the brand for which I am the main model, Romance Kiss?
Of course, Elza-sama.
Of course he did!
Of course I am!
Of course I am.
Of course I am! There isn't anybody who's not afraid of failing!
- Of course I am! There's nobody who's not afraid of failing!
Of course. I'd accept nothing less.
Of course, if she does...
Of course, I'll gladly face you.
Of course, I'm excited for it as well.
Of course, I'm happy to have you!
Of course. I'm happy to have you!
Of course, I'm honored to be here.
Of course, I still believe that she has incredible talent. But that's not all.
Of course. I still have ground to cover before I reach my dream.
- Of course. I still have ground to cover before I read my dream.
Of course it is! I'm going to become a great actress.
Of course, it's Aikatsu!
Of course! It's a music program that pulls high ratings.
Of course, it's the biggest event of the entire summer.
Of course it was! I'm going to become a great actress.
Of course it wouldn't be her.
Of course. I won't lose to my sister.
Of course! Just watch us.
Of course, Laura!
Of course. Next time, I'll prepare a Gothic Victoria dress for you to wear.
Of course! No matter the reason, those people voted for me.
Of course not!
Of course not.
Of course! Now that you've won the Final Tournament, you're the top idol of the whole world!
Of course, please ask me anything you need.
Of course. Please ask me anything you need.
Of course! Please continue to support me.
Of course, please do.
Of course. Please, make yourselves comfortable.
Of course. Soon we'll have underclassmen to set examples for.
Of course. Soon we will no longer be the youngest idols here.
Of course! That's exactly why I called you here.
Of course! That's exactly why I wanted to meet.
- Of course. There is but a short trek before I reach my dream.
Of course, they're each the top stars of their class!
Of course. They're why I wasn't lonely.
Of course. This is the only way I can be of use.
Of course! We can hardly wait for it ourselves.
Of course! We can hardly wait ourselves.
Of course, we could barely move at first.
Of course. We could barely move at first.
Of course! We'd be glad to give our assistance.
Of course! We'd gladly give our assistance.
Of course! We'll gladly give our assistance.
Of course we're in.
Of course we will!
Of course, we will.
Of course we will! You can count on us.
Of course, you got it!
Of course. Yume's my rival.
Off, huh? I like how celebrity it sounds.
Off into the endless blue skies!
Off into the endlessly vast blue skies!
of light shining down atataka na komorebi ni tsutsumarenagara And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge So pretty...
of light shining down atataka na komorebi ni tsutsumarenagara And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge Stylish Girl Collection Stylish Girl Collection I can't wait to see what kind
of light shining down atataka na komorebi ni tsutsumarenagara And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge And now I open my petals to this radiant future azayaka na mirai e to hanabira hiroge What a mysterious feeling.
Of them, Shiny Academy has the top two spots on lockdown.
Of the nine possessors of Star Wings, only one can obtain it.
of top model she'll mature into.
Oh!
Oh?
Oh.
Oh, about Subarucchi?
Oh! Ako and Mahiru, don't you need to leave for your gig?
Oh, Ako-chan.
Oh! Ako-chan, Ako-chan!
- Oh! Ako-chan, Ako-chan, wouldn't it be cute if we added glasses?
- Oh! Ako-chan, Ako-chan! wouldn't it be cute if we added glasses?
Oh, Ako-chan. Did you guys get your candy?
Oh, almost forgot!
Oh, also!
Oh, and also!
Oh, and by the way, my CD's coming out on the same day as yours.
Oh, and get this! Koharu said something great!
Oh, and I heard that you gave Elza-chan a real earful.
Oh, and sorry to drop in on you like this.
Oh? And you are?
Oh, around.
Oh, a unit this time?
Oh, but before that!
Oh, but first!
Oh, but I guess not as much as Elza-sama.
Oh, but I made sure to study too.
Oh, but I'm on the job right now...
Oh, but she won't be alone.
Oh, but the reference section of the library should have video of her from last year.
- Oh, but the reference section of the library should have video of her last year.
Oh, but this weekend...
- Oh, but you should be able to at least find a video of her in the reference corner of the library.
- Oh by the way, and my CD's coming out on the same day as yours.
Oh, come on in.
Oh, could it be?!
Oh crap!
Oh dear, I shall be too late!
Oh, did you enter the contest too?
Oh, don't be. I normally take the boat out to open waters to catch fresh fish.
Oh, do you now?
Oh, excuse me. Is Yume in?
Oh, fine.
Oh, forget I said anything.
Oh, found them.
Oh, go ahead.
Oh, good morning, Yume-cha...
Oh, goodness. Do those words come from Shiratori Hime-sama's lips?
Oh, hello!
Oh? Hello there!
Oh, help yourselves to these.
Oh, hey. I figured Laura might've been thirsty too.
Oh, hey. I figured Laura's throat might be a bit dry too.
Oh, Hime-senpai! Sorry for interrupting.
Oh, how about the aquarium?
Oh, how about we both wear our School Dresses too?
Oh, I also met a prince along the way!
Oh, I brought this for you.
Oh, I came up with a few ideas too...
Oh, I forgot!
Oh? If you ever want to wear another, just let me know.
Oh, if you insist. I suppose I can spare some of my precious time.
Oh, if you insist. I suppose I can spare you some of my precious time.
Oh, if you're concerned about Nanakura-sama...
Oh? I guess cooking programs don't cut the vegetables up in advance!
Oh, I have an idea!
Oh, I have muffins Nii-san baked too.
Oh, I heard that you gave Elza-chan a real earful.
Oh, I just got a good idea!
Oh, I just got a great idea!
Oh! I just remembered, Koharu-chan.
Oh, I knew that! Laura told me.
Oh, I know! Let's take a commemorative photo!
Oh, I'll head on!
Oh, I made this in an attempt to be useful to the investigation.
Oh, I'm just speaking to myself.
Oh, I'm recording for my show.
Oh, I'm sorry!
Oh, I see. So you're really happy!
Oh, is it candy that you desire?
Oh, is this for me? Thanks!
Oh, I suppose that goes without saying.
Oh, I think I remember hearing about that.
Oh?! It looks like she's found an S envelope!
Oh! I totally forgot!
Oh, it's about time!
Oh, it's already that late?
Oh, it's just about time to say goodbye.
Oh, it's Lily-chan!
Oh, it's nothing. Anyway...
Oh, it's periodic maintenance to check the machinery and repair the equipment.
Oh! I've actually been developing my own training regimen recently.
Oh? I've actually seen an Off-Off-Broadway production of that.
Oh, I've got it!
Oh, just forget it.
Oh, just over there.
Oh, Katsura-senpai, I'm so sorry.
- Oh, Koharu-chan's dad goes on a lot of business trips, so it's hard for them to meet.
Oh, Koharu-chan's dad is away on work a lot, so they don't see each other very much.
- Oh, Koharu-chan's dad's away on work a lot, so they don't see each other very much.
Oh, Laura!
Oh, let her be.
Oh, let's just do it! There!
Oh, like you'd know anything about that.
Oh, look what you found.
Oh, Mahiru!
Oh, Mahiru.
Oh, Mahiru! Have you been well?
Oh man, sheep are the best!
Oh! May I hear your impressions of my performance?
Oh, Moroboshi-chan? What's up?
Oh my!
Oh, my.
Oh my, and why was that?
- Oh my god!
Oh my god!
Oh, my God!
Oh, my goodness. Are those words I hear being spoken by Shiratori Hime-sama's lips?
Oh my! I'm afraid I need to go shopping though.
Oh, my. Now, now, how rambunctious you are.
Oh, Nii-san made some muffins too.
Oh, Nijino-san.
Oh, Nijino-san! It's time for your next studio session!
Oh, Nijino-san! It's time to be in the studio!
Oh no!
Oh no...
Oh, no!
Oh, no.
Oh no, I'm late!
Oh no, I need to hurry! We're going to start filming soon!
Oh no! Is it really one per person?
Oh no, it's too late to apply!
Oh, no. I was just wondering if there's anything more I can do for the first-years.
Oh, no. I was just wondering if there was anything more I could do for the first-years.
Oh no, please raise your head.
Oh no, that sounds awful.
Oh no! The Ayumi and Naho team have spilled their glasses!
Oh... nothing.
Oh, nothing really.
Oh no, Tsubasa-senpai's going to get mad at us!
Oh no, we drifted out to sea!
Oh no! We drifted out to sea!
Oh, now there's an idea!
Oh, of course.
Oh, okay!
Oh, okay.
Oh? Pardon me a moment.
Oh! Please let us use the remaining time that saves!
Oh! Please let us use the time we can shave off!
Oh please, weren't you listening?
Oh please, why do you have to think so hard about this stuff?
Oh, pull the other one!
Oh, really?
Oh, really now?
Oh, Reina-chan. Welcome.
Oh, right!
Oh, right.
Oh right, hang on a sec.
Oh right, I forgot!
Oh right, I need to introduce you to our other guests.
Oh right, Laura. How's your Premium Rare Dress coming along? Doing okay?
Oh, right, senpai.
Oh right, the guys are doing a dress rehearsal with them right now.
Oh, right! There's going to be a fireworks show at Kira Kira Bay tonight, right Rei-chan?
Oh, right. You never signed up for the Aikatsu Ranking.
Oh, right! Yozora-senpai looks extra beautiful in this month's edition. Wanna see?
Oh, she did...
Oh? Should the great detective Pinky Cat of all people really be resorting to thievery?
Oh, sorry!
Oh, so that's it.
Oh, so you're an idol from Four Star Academy.
Oh, sure.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, thanks for the proverb.
Oh, thanks for the quote.
Oh, thank you.
Oh, thank you again.
Oh, thank you for always helping.
Oh, that?
Oh, that could work!
Oh, that is coming soon, Four Star Academy's school festival.
Oh, that makes sense!
Oh, that reminds me. Ako-chan said, "I wouldn't mind you doing an introduction of your brand during the show", so I want to do a good job.
Oh, that reminds me. The deluxe sour konbu ice cream you produced has really found a devoted niche.
Oh, that reminds me. There's something I've been meaning to ask.
Oh, that's...
Oh, that's bananas!
Oh, that's because...
Oh, that's free talk.
Oh, that's just the owl...
Oh, that's looking good!
Oh, that's right.
Oh, that's right! I baked a rose chiffon cake today.
Oh, that's right. We're supposed to go around to all the points marked on this map That reminds me that Laura's supposed to meet up with us.
Oh, that's right. We're supposed to visit all the spots on this map and collect as much candy as we can.
Oh, that's right! Yuzu's got something to say before graduating too.
Oh? That's the face of someone who knows exactly what it is.
Oh? That's the look of someone who knows exactly what it is.
Oh, that's unexpected.
- Oh, the Glitter you got from your last performance.
Oh, the guy who keeps calling me "tomato".
Oh, the hair accessories?
Oh, the Messenger of Heaven!
Oh, then why don't we do an interview of Elza-san?
Oh, there she is!
Oh, there you are, Yume-chan!
Oh, the time!
Oh, they are? Well, if that's all...
Oh, they periodically check the machinery and repair the equipment.
Oh, this is Four Star Academy's traditional Lun Lun Body Maker.
Oh, this is what we usually use.
Oh, those mean free talk.
Oh? To whom do I owe the pleasure?
Oh Tsubasa, your feelings for Hime run so deep.
Oh Tsubasa, your feelings for Hime sure run deep.
Oh, um...
Oh? Was there a girl you'd rather be on a date with?
Oh, well.
Oh, well, I wanted to change out my compress.
Oh well, let's take a break.
Oh, we're here.
Oh, were you?
Oh, what's wrong?
Oh, would you?
Oh, Yamaguchi-san.
Oh yeah!
Oh yeah?
Oh yeah.
Oh, yeah?
Oh, yeah.
Oh yeah, Ako-chan.
Oh yeah, Ako-chan. I heard you're doing a play.
Oh yeah, and the last time I was at the bookstore...
Oh yeah, her and her legendary Punishment Time.
Oh yeah, how'd rehearsal go the other day?
Oh yeah! I almost forgot something important.
Oh yeah, I do see you eating bananas pretty often, Subaru-kun.
Oh, yeah, I finished mine.
Oh yeah, I forgot!
Oh yeah, I heard that you formed a unit with Nikaidou.
Oh yeah, I heard you formed a unit with Nikaidou.
Oh, yeah! I should invite Mom and Dad to the concert!
Oh yeah, I was just at the bookstore the other day...
Oh yeah! Since I'm going, I should bring a present for Ako-chan!
Oh yeah, the rumor mill's been all about you lately, Tsubasacchi!
Oh yeah, the rumor mill's been talking all about you, Tsubasacchi!
Oh yeah, the second semester already started.
Oh yeah, the second semester's already started.
Oh yeah, we never introduced ourselves.
Oh yeah, you did say something like that before.
Oh yeah, you mad.
Oh, yes!
Oh, yes.
- Oh yes, and it turns out that my CD is going to be released on the same day as yours.
Oh, yes, somehow.
Oh, you aren't taking your refill, Yozora?
Oh, you got separated from your mom.
Oh, you know, Elza-sama told me something.
Oh? You know how to talk the talk.
Oh, you know what? I'm graduating anyway, so I'll give you my spot in S4, Haruka!
Oh, you mean Ako-chan.
Oh, you mean how I didn't make the Final Tournament?
Oh, you mean Shooting Star?
Oh, you mean the rumored Punishment Time.
Oh, you're right.
Oh? You sure know how to talk the talk.
Oh, you were waiting for me?
- Oh? You would offer me a place in the event?
Oh, Yume-chan!
Oh, Yume-chan.
Oh, Yume-chan. Did you hear the news about My Little Heart?
Oh, Yuri-senpai.
Oh, Yuzu.
Okashi wo kurenakya itazurashichau zo fushigi na showtime hajimaru yo shiranai sekai wo miseteageru Laura, look up!
- Okay!
Okay!
Okay?
Okay.
Okay...
"Okay! A chocolate muffin it is!" One chocolate muffin, please.
Okay! All finished making our dresses.
Okay, and thank you so much.
Okay. At first...
Okay, babies!
Okay, babies?
Okay, babies.
Okay, Baby. I'll let you off the hook this time.
Okay, baby! Start the countdown!
Okay. Back then, I... I really...
Okay, Caroline!
Okay, everyone!
Okay everyone, all together now!
Okay everyone, here I go.
Okay, everyone in!
Okay, everyone line up.
Okay! Front lights look good!
Okay, girls!
Okay, give me a smile!
Okay, good job.
Okay, good luck.
Okay, got it!
Okay, got it.
Okay, great!
Okay, here come the tickles forged in the raging seas.
Okay, here should be fine.
Okay, here we go!
Okay, I can do this.
Okay. I can finally hear what you were trying to say, Koharu-chan.
- Okay, I can see you've found your motivation.
Okay! I'll catch up soon!
Okay! I'll definitely go out and get Hime-senpai's album!
Okay, I'll do my best!
Okay, I'll do something about it.
Okay, I'll give it a shot.
Okay! I'll give it a try too!
Okay, I'll go and petition Momoko-sensei right away.
Okay, I'll go and see!
Okay! I'll go full power, all out today!
Okay! I'll go full power, all-out today!
Okay, I'll go with this!
Okay! I'll show you all around Venus Ark!
Okay! I'll try some!
Okay. I'll win.
Okay! I'll work hard to bring more people into the world of FuwaFuwa Dream that I love!
Okay! I'm definitely gonna get Hime-senpai's album!
Okay, I'm gonna help out with your Aikatsu.
Okay. I'm sure they'll be fine.
Okay, I promise to have good manners!
Okay, I think I will.
Okay, it's decided. We'll go to the zoo.
Okay, I understand.
Okay. I want to use Dress Make again, this time with conviction.
Okay. I won't go easy on you.
Okay! Kirara's gonna work hard for Elza-sama!
Okay! Let's all work just as hard to make an impact!
Okay, let's do our best!
Okay, let's drive our demons out!
Okay! Let's enjoy being together for the first time in a while along with our fans!
Okay! Let's enjoy our first show together in a while along with the fans!
Okay, let's get moving.
Okay, let's get those shutters going!
Okay! Let's get to it!
Okay! Let's keep all that in mind and move on to the next outfit!
Okay, let's keep it up!
Okay, let's make everyone smile from now on!
Okay, let's make lots of people smile from now on!
Okay, let's present Nanakura Koharu with candy for giving us a nice surprise!
Okay, let's run all the way back to the dorm!
Okay! Let's take a few of you singing.
Okay, let's watch it together!
Okay Mahiru, go ahead and tell us any ideas you've got.
Okay, meow!
Okay, next!
Okay, next round!
Okay, next up...
Okay, no more negativity!
Okay, now it's time for my performance!
Okay. Now tell us what you're looking to do once you make it in!
Okay! Now that you're in, I'm going to support you the best I can!
- Okay! Now that you're on the right track, we'll help you out!
Okay! Now that you're ready to go, we'll help you out too!
- Okay! Now that you're resolved, we're behind you all the way!
- Okay, now they're raring to go.
Okay! Now to finish it o...
Okay, now you're raring to go.
Okay, okay!
Okay, okay! Haruka takes whatever she can get!
Okay, once more!
Okay, one more time!
Okay, one more time.
Okay, one more try.
Okay, on to the next!
Okay, on to the next one.
Okay! Our dresses are all finished!
Okay, please start!
Okay, Sakuraba!
Okay. So, because I'm from France, I prepared a French doll coord.
Okay, so there's something I need your help with right away.
Okay, so what if I phrase it like this?
Okay, so what's your dream, Yume-chan?
Okay, so when I got to see dresses made in Italy, the capital of fashion, up close, it sparked an interest in design, and I started studying it in earnest.
Okay, starting with the first hint...
Okay, stop.
Okay. Take care.
Okay. Thanks.
Okay. Thank you so much.
Okay! Thank you very much!
Okay, that's enough!
Okay, that's enough.
Okay! That's the stuff!
Okay, the bracket for the Final Tournament has been decided!
Okay, the matchups for the Final Tournament have been decided!
Okay, the most important things for fashion models are their walking and poses.
Okay, the most important things for fashion models are walking technique and poses.
Okay then! I'll see you on stage after a quick rest.
Okay, then I will too!
Okay. Then let's get this started!
Okay then, so why did you decide to come to Japan?
Okay then. The mochi soup you gave out today was really great.
Okay, this place should be fine.
Okay! Time to cook it full of Kirara's love!
Okay, time to finish it up with the Flower Song Class!
Okay! Time to study hard and think up a good way to show my appeal.
Okay, time to train.
Okay, us too!
Okay, we'll be off.
Okay, we'll go with that!
Okay! We'll show Elza-san just how bright our dream is!
Okay, we're all set now.
Okay, we're clear!
Okay, we're done!
Okay, we're good!
Okay, we're good.
Okay, we're ready to roll.
Okay, we've got to head off now.
Okay! Working hard bright and early!
Okay, y'all ready for Kirara's stage?
Okay, yeah!
Okay! You both did great.
Okay, you can take off the blindfold.
Okay! You two both did great.
o k o r o n o h o t o r i t a t a z u m i r i n t o s u r u n o U n d e r t h e n o o n s k y b e s
Okutani Hanako.
Old or young, boy or girl, we invite you one and all to come on down and enjoy yourselves at the academy!
On any other, none dare to enter my castle.
On a stroll?
Once I become the best in the world, I will quit as an idol.
Once I decide on my next course of action, I'll contact you again.
Once I obtain the Sun Dress and become a perfect idol...
Once more! One, two!
Once they're done...
Once they've finished...
Once upon a time there lived a brave sono mukashi yuuki no mune ni Once upon a time there lived a brave sono mukashi yuuki no mune ni Angel who descended to the wastelands kouya e maiorita tenshi wa Angel who descended to the wastelands kouya e maiorita tenshi wa
Once you decide, there are no second tries.
Once you find one, you beat the game!
Once you finish, you can't go back and change it.
Once you get your own brand, there's so much more put on your table.
Once you're up there...
Once you see my greatest performance, I'm sure you'll find your excitement.
Once you see my greatest performance, I'm sure you'll get excited.
Once you've changed into a coord that suits you, the show begins!
On day one, Yuzu-senpai took first in Dance Class by a huge margin.
One!
One.
One at a time, one at a time!
One blinding flash of light and then back into the darkness, just like a shooting star.
One common method is to find a shared trait among the members and use that.
One day for sure, One day for sure, we'll make our dreams we'll make our dreams come true together!
One day, Hime-chan came to see me.
One day I'll become the first star idol!
One day, I'm certain we will!
One day, I want to catch up to Elza-san and then surpass her.
One-day station manager?
One day, your negligence will cost you.
One day, you will find the place you are destined to illuminate.
Onee-chan!
Onee-chan?!
Onee-chan.
Onee-chan...
Onee-chan and I used to always play together.
Onee-chan dressed him up in my clothes for fun.
- Onee-chan - Invitation - Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora - Onee-chan - Invitation - Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora Onee-chan - Invitation - Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training
Onee-chan is so happy to have run into you in the middle of town!
Onee-chan... I've really, this whole time...
Onee-chan Onee-chan?
Onee-chan said her fashion sense was outstanding too.
Onee-chan said that her fashion sense was outstanding too.
Onee-chan's definitely needs to be sexy.
Onee-chan should be daring and sexy.
Onee-chan, sor...
Onee-chan suddenly said she was going to apply for Four Star Academy.
Onee-chan, Tsubasa-senpai, and I decided to reform our unit.
Onee-chan, Tsubasa-senpai, and I decided to revive our unit.
Onee-chan, Tsubasa-senpai, thank you so much.
Onee-chan, when did you get back?
Onee-chan, why are you here?
Onee-chan! You don't have work?
Onee-sama!
- One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park!
- One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park! - August 11 Solo Live at Honotou Park!
- One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - One-Girl Homegrown - One-Girl Homegrown
One glance puts you in an Oriental mood.
One hint: A fantasy creature.
One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day Huh, what's that?
One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day One hundred a day
One-hundred percent chance of Aikatsu!
One hundred percent, huh.
One look conveys the entire brand's concept.
One look should convey the entire brand's concept.
One moment, please. I'll run a full search of my brain database.
- One moment, please. I'll run a full search with my brain database.
- One moment please, I'll run a thorough search of my brain database.
One more and all the Star Wings will have appeared.
One more set!
One more thing!
One more time!
One more time.
One more time please!
One of my friends even used to say I was like a grab bag.
One plus one equals infinity One, two, three, and four is magic It's a view that nobody's ever seen before Wait, a live performance?
o n e , s t a n d i n g d i g n i f i e d o n t h e e d g e o f m y h e a r t h i t o r i k i r i k
One, two!
One, two...
One, two, Aikatsu! One, two, Aikatsu!
One, two, One, two.
One, two! One, two!
One, two. One, two.
One, two, One, two. One, two.
One, two! One, two! One, two!
One, two! One, two! One, two! One, two!
One, two, three!
One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
- One, two, three, and Aikatsu! - 1 2 3 de aikatsu!
One, two, three, four!
One, two, three, four.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
One usual method is to find a common point between the members for it.
One way or another, nobody has managed to defeat the current S4.
One way or another, we're sure to double our school's applicants!
One week from today we'll decide who gets to be the center of each class.
One with mastery of all three can create miracles.
One wrong turn, and it may even capsize.
On February 14th, Valentine's Day, they're going to have a three-hour special.
Ongaku to nagareteyuku kono yubi tomare!
On it!
Only a handful of stars are able to outshine the rest.
Only a little bit remains in the show.
Only a small area was stained.
Only a week until the tests.
Only beautiful things!
Only because you cheered me on.
Only by overcoming this wall will I truly prove that I am worthy to stand in for Yuzu.
Only cuteness isn't enough kawaii dake ja dame Only cuteness isn't enough kawaii dake ja dame You've gotta just be yourself jibun rashikunakya You've gotta just be yourself jibun rashikunakya I'll make you turn around furikaetteshimau I'll make you turn around furikaetteshimau And be a flower you can't miss hana ni naru kara
Only eight girls remain.
Only Elza is worthy of the Sun Dress.
Only Elza-sama could've possibly created such an event.
Only for him...
Only for me?!
Only I can take it back.
Only I could pull it off.
Only idols I have scouted are allowed to step foot on this boat.
Only if you can promise not to cry in fright, of course.
Only if you take a break.
Only Japan's best singers make it on as guests.
Only one among those who possess Star Wings can obtain it.
Only one girl it could be!
Only one—it is because I want to eat it.
Only one left.
Only one pair of Star Wings remain.
Only one remains.
Only one—simply that I want to eat it.
Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can tsutaetai yo kono daiji na kimochi minna no sono haato made I want these precious feelings to
Only one stood above the others in expressing her irrepressible individuality, unbound by fashion or environment.
Only one thing to do!
Only one thing to do.
- Only - Only We are the Demon Lord's generals!
Only scant sand remains in the hourglass.
Only she could have been granted those wings.
Only the currently top four ranked idols earn the right to enter the Final Tournament.
Only the entire world is large enough for Yuzu to unfurl her wings as an idol.
Only the idols I have scouted are allowed to step foot on this boat.
Only the leaders of each class in S4 are allowed to sit here.
Only then will I don my Premium Rare Dress.
Only the one idol who makes it through them all is allowed a performance.
Only the respective leaders of each class in S4 are allowed to sit here.
Only the Sun Dress can grant my wish.
Only the top four idols can advance to the Final Tournament.
Only the top four ranked idols will gain the right to participate.
Only the top four ranked idols will have the right to participate.
Only the top ten make it to the finals.
Only the two of you could have come up with such an inspired choice to be double muses.
Only the two of you could have come up with such an inspired choice to be double muses of your brand.
Only the units who pass this quiz will proceed to the next stage.
Only those with a strong sense of responsibility can lead it.
Only three months left in the year.
Only three months remain in the year.
Only Tsubasa-senpai is left.
Only two can pass this round!
Only two Star Wings remain.
Only when one gives up do they find it.
Only when they shine as one upon the stage can star wings be acquired.
Only when you give up can it be found.
Only when your shop has been opened and you have held a debut live can you say your dream is fulfilled.
Only with the opening of a shop and a debut show can you say your dream has been fulfilled.
Only you can discover your method to surpass it.
Only you can find the way for you to overcome it.
Only you can find the way to overcome it yourself.
On M4's TV show...
On my mark.
ON ni shichaunda hora ne can flip my lovely switch, don't you see?
ON ni shichaunda hora ne Whenever I hit up the town machi wo aruitara Whenever I hit up the town machi wo aruitara my heart sings out kokoro ga utau yo my heart sings out kokoro ga utau yo to the clear blue skies aozora meippai to the clear blue skies
On occasion, you shine too brightly for me to look.
On pure skill, I think Laura is better.
Onrii wan! jibun shika utaenai uta wo Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can Only one! Sing the song that only you can
Onrii wan! jibun shika utaenai uta wo Only one! Sing the song that only you can onrii wan! jibun shika utaenai uta wo Only one! Sing the song that only you can tsutaetai yo kono daiji na kimochi minna no sono haato made I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts
Onrii wan! jibun shika utaenai uta wo Only one! Sing the song that only you can tsutaetai yo kono daiji na kimochi minna no sono haato made I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts todoke! kooru & resuponsu de Reach out with a call and response Has everyone made their decisions?
Onrii wan! jibun shika utaenai uta wo Only one! Sing the song that only you can tsutaetai yo kono daiji na kimochi minna no sono haato made I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts todoke! kooru & resuponsu de Reach out with a call and response Laura!
- On Sale - On Sale - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today
- On Sale - On Sale - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale Today Today - m 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Today
On stage?
- On stage, think you are the best.
On such an important day...
On that stage, the light of your performance dazzled me like never before.
On the count of one, two, three!
On the jump!
On the name of M4 fans everywhere!
On the other hand, I am a dark winter cloud that assails the land with cold snow.
- On the other hand, I am a dark winter cloud that pelts the land with cold snow.
On The Radio Music.
On the second day, Ako-chan tried her hardest to take the top in Theater Class, but fell short of Tsubasa-senpai.
On the second day, Tsubasa-senpai remained at the top despite Ako-chan's best efforts.
On the second day with Theater Class, Tsubasa-senpai remained at the top despite Ako-chan's best efforts.
on the stage.
- On the table is none other than Venus Ark.
on the theme of "being big is splendiferous".
On the topic of enrollment, there is someone we would like to introduce.
On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto I wave my hand in your direction ookiku kimi ni te wo furu I wave my hand in your direction ookiku kimi ni te wo furu I wave my hand in your direction
On the wings of my name, I shall fly!
On top of that hill, and also from over there.
On to question two!
On to taste testing!
On to the taste testing!
Onward!
Onward ho!
Onwards!
On what basis?
On what foundation?
On your marks!
On your marks.
On your marks, get set...
O-Obviously.
O-Of course! It's the best!
O-Of course! I want to study up more on Yozora-senpai.
O-Of course not.
O-Of course! The more the merrier, as they say!
O-Of course we did.
O-Oh!
O-Oh...
Ooh, I like that one.
Ooh, is something gonna happen now?
O-Oh yeah, I need to head to my lesson.
O-Okay!
O-Okay?
O-Okay.
O-Okay...
O-Okay, got it! Everyone, to your stations!
O-Okay then.
ookiku kimi ni te wo furu I wave my hand in your direction ookiku kimi ni te wo furu Thank you for taking the time to pay my charge chaaji no tame no jikan arigatou Thank you for taking the time to pay my charge chaaji no tame no jikan arigatou
o o k s s p i n e C o u l d n t b e a n y t h i n g o t h e r t h a n y o u r n a m e n a n i y o r
O-Onee-chan?!
O-On second thought, she is a bit scary.
O-Out of excitement, I assure you!
O-Over there...
Opening Soon We're supposed to open any day now, but I still can't nail down a specialty menu.
Open it now.
Open Sesame!
Open Sesame! Obtain the Star Wings!
Open up your chest.
Open wider.
Opportunities await chansu ga matteru I feel a pang in my chest.
Opportunities await chansu ga matteru It's time to announce the results.
Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord Lilienne is my most precious friend.
Orange Shine Stars Coord Orange Shine Stars Coord We'll become Friends and doing Aikatsu that are way more fun!
Or are you saying that never happened?
Or a sun-dried tomato!
Orchestrating such a cute transformation shows your fierce talent.
organized and hosted by Venus Ark.
Organize into patrol groups of five.
Originally, my dream was to be exactly like my senpai in S4.
- Originator - Originator - Originator - Originator - Originator - Originator I will!
Or is it for the S4 concert we're having?
Or is it the S4 concert we're having?
Or maybe...
Or maybe even three or four times as many!
Or maybe even triple or quadruple!
Or maybe fried!
Or maybe what kind of girls are his type...
Or me!
O Romeo, Romeo!
O Romeo! Wherefore art thou Romeo?
Or perhaps of eating?
Or perhaps to eat?
Or rather, she is the idol that Hime Shiratori singled out, so this may be the natural outcome.
Or seasick?
Or shall I cancel your entry?
Or shall I revoke your entry?
Or so I'd like to say, but it's not so simple.
- Or so I'd like to say, but it's not such a simple matter.
Or to a Premium Rare Dress.
Or was it different...
Or will it be the shining star Nijino Yume-san?!
Or will it be the shining star, Nijino Yume-san?!
Oshare suru? Wanna fashion, kid?
Ossu!
Osu!
Other than the fact that they're young women, their identities are cloaked in darkness.
Otherwise I won't be able to achieve my new goal of getting that Sun Dress Elza-san was talking about.
- Otherwise you'll play right into their hands.
o t h i s o n e i n t h e w o r l d s t o r y s e k a i d e h i t o t s u n o m o n o g a t a r i n
Ouch!
Ouch...
Ouch! We're missing a guest! What now?
Ouch! We're missing a participant!
"Our"?
Our admins?
Our Aikatsu will continue into the future.
Our Aikatsu will keep on going!
Our announcement is soon, so look forward to it!
Our antennas zap with the signal antena ga pipitto kitara And we know!
Our battle is far from finished!
Our Beauty Class lessons ended early, so I came to watch you.
Our boat is ready too.
Our company is associated with steaming-hot food, but with the summer heat, it's holding back our sales.
Our company usually promotes steaming hot food, I suppose that mixing curry and ice really isn't...
Our contestants for today are these idols!
Our contestants will have to pass several stages to demonstrate their unit's bonds.
Our courage becomes a star Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare La la la la let our music resound!
Our creed is to turn the crime scene over a hundred times.
Our dream...
Our emotions will make it to the farthest reaches of the universe!
Our entry's already submitted.
Our Episode Solo.
Our Episode Solo Our Episode Solo Our Episode Solo S4 Presents: It's Our Job to Shine.
Our exciting day looks to be taking an unexpected turn!
Our fans are arguing?
Our fans might be taken aback.
Our feelings towards the brand are the same.
Our fellow first-years aside, you managed to impress even our senpai.
Our first group is a couple of idols from my school, Four Star Academy.
Our first order of business is an announcement.
Our first target is the aquarium area.
Our first unit stage! Please enjoy!
Our first-years get to go around getting candy from their upperclassmen and teachers!
Our flower dresses!
Our Four Star Academy School Festival!
Our goal is Christmas! Let's go!
Our goal is to learn about Star Premium Rare Coords.
Our greatest performance!
Our headmaster watched his sister suffer more than anyone else.
- Our hearts will always - be as one, Yume-chan.
Our hearts will always be as one, Yume-chan.
Our interviews made it in too!
- Our Konbu - our Konbu - Our Konbu - our Konbu Oh, whatever, I'll take anything at this point.
Our last battle is fast approaching.
Our last rehearsal...
Our life at Venus Ark started with a huge surprise!
Our little boy's grown up.
Our match will have to wait.
Our mission is to find her and bring her back in time for the finals.
Our new friends have just made their way to the stage.
Our new friends helped us too.
Our next news is this.
Our next segment is Did You Know That?
Our next unit is Yuzukoshou.
Our only wish is to allow Yuzu-sama to dedicate herself in the same way for her music video.
Ouroscopyosaurus?
Ouroscopyosaurus?!
Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil
Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus Fossil Ouroscopyosaurus... what could it have been like?
Our parents are both returning for the first time in a while.
Our passionate Idol Activities, Aikatsu Stars! is about to start!
Our performance...
Our performance will steal the hearts of all who lay their eyes upon it.
Our performance will steal the hearts of everyone in the audience.
Our railway company's motto is "on time, all the time".
Our real battle starts now!
Our real competition, to enter S4.
Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind
Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind Our relationship was one-of-a-kind tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne
Our school festival is over.
Our scripts are here!
Our senpai always work so hard for us.
Our senpai really are amazing.
Our serious battle to enter S4.
Our shop's pride and joy, the special parfait.
Our show is at noon on the 24th and the event starts at night, so we should be fine schedule-wise.
Our songstress, Shiratori Hime, will be releasing a new album!
Ours or Soleil's?
Our study there is over?
Our Theater Class will rise to rule the Fest.
Our themed Premium Dresses were quite gorgeous.
Our top batter is a Song Class first-year, Sakuraba Laura-chan.
Our top batter is Yozora, Tsubasa, and Mahiru's unit!
Our two pairs of wings made for an extravagant performance.
Our unit name is...
Our unit YuriJuli is now onboard Neo Venus Ark!
Our unit YuriYuri is now onboard Neo Venus Ark!
Our venue will be the Aikatsu Budokan!
Our very own diva, Shiratori Hime, will be putting out a new album for release!
Our very own Tsubasacchi will be playing the role of the lead heroine, Bird!
Our visitors had a wonderful time thanks to you all last year.
Our war is far from over!
Our wishes can come together to create a gorgeous decoration.
Our wishes come together to make Tanabata beautiful?
Out here?
- OUT Next up is embroidery!
- OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT OUT Moving on, pattern cutting!
- OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT
OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT - OUT
Outsiders aren't allowed inside.
Overcome it, Nijino Yume!
Overcome, Nijino Yume!
Overeating isn't allowed.
overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word miagereba hoshi no kakehashi ikou sutaadamu!
overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by
Over here!
Over here.
Overseas?!
- Over the next four days, we will hold crowning event of the year, the S4 Selection.
Over the next four days, we will hold the crowning event of the year, the S4 Selection.
- Over the next four days, we will put the culmination of the past year to the test in this S4 Selection.
Over time, I became more and more afraid of taking the stage.
Ow!
Ow...
Owing to Elza-sama's unending chase of perfection, Venus Ark's proficiency tests are not to be underestimated.
Owing to Elza-sama's unending pursuit of perfection, Venus Ark's proficiency tests are not to be underestimated.
Owner and top idol?
Ow! Ow!
Ow, ow, ow!
- Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance
Papa is tied up with his overseas recital, but he wishes you the best.
Pa para Paradise sukoshizutsu nigiyaka ni natteiku no Little by little the energy begins to build kono umibe no machi In this town by the shore tooku kara otozureru Coming from oh so far away natsu no oshare shita tabibito tachi All of the beachgoers dressed in their summer fashion
Papaya?
Paper?
Paper.
Pardon.
Pardon me.
Pardon me, Elza-sama.
Pardon me for interrupting.
Pardon me, Momoko-sensei!
Parsley means feeling festive in flower language.
Participant List Participant List - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura It's usually mostly students from Venus Ark, but now Four Star is represented!
Participants' scores will be a combined result of the votes from each class's teachers, S4, and the audience.
Parting Words Response To conclude, we will hold the S4 Crowning.
Partners... We're partners!
Passed down from samurai and Zen, it is a path that leads one to a deep understanding of the soul.
Passion and Pride!
Passion and Pride.
passionate and great.
Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord
Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Kya Warning!
Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Elza-san in her Passion Venus
Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Passion Venus Coord Performing with you in matching coords was rather splendid.
Pastel pink and purple?
Pastries?
Pastries have the power to make people smile.
Pastries that make people smile.
Pastries to make people smile.
Peach Garden Oath It comes from a story where three heroes take an oath of fraternity in a peach garden.
Pearl earring Strawberry pattern!!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni atarashii kimi ga iru ne Behind every page I turn I find a new you Love you!
Peeji wo mekuru tabi ni atarashii kimi ga iru ne Behind every page I turn I find a new you nakitai asa ni wa On mornings I want to cry niji saku hanazono In the rainbow flower garden hohoenda sono yokogao ni The sight of your smiling profile hikareteshimau yo
Peeji wo mekuru tabi ni atarashii kimi ga iru ne Behind every page I turn I find a new you nakitai asa ni wa On mornings I want to cry niji saku hanazono In the rainbow flower garden hohoenda sono yokogao ni You stand there smiling hikareteshimau yo And I can't help but approach
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Aqua Starry Rock Coord Aqua Starry Rock Coord The Aqua Starry Rock Coord
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Brilliant Freeze Coord Brilliant Freeze Coord Laura and Mahiru-chan's Honeybee Kiss was really fresh.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Brilliant Ice Coord Brilliant Ice Coord Mature and powerful... it was truly a stage befitting you, Mahiru.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Charming Books Coord Charming Books Coord I'm sad that I have to part with everyone,
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Creamy Cake Coord Creamy Cake Coord Getting chocolate from everyone spurred me to put on a good show.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Creamy Cake Coord Creamy Cake Coord To be honest, that was a superb performance!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Day Safari Coord Day Safari Coord Shiny Smile's Day Safari Coord is my favorite!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Exotic Sunset Coord Exotic Sunset Coord My first personal dress, the Exotic Sunset Coord.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Frozen Queen Coord Frozen Queen Coord Beauty Class took the crown at Winter Fest.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Girls Flag Coord Girls Flag Coord Tsubasa, congratulations. Your dress was from Spice Chord's summer collection, right?
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Gothic Rose Coord Gothic Rose Coord Gothic Victoria just exudes Lily-senpai!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Green Shadow Coord Green Shadow Coord Lily-senpai, thank you so much for today!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord London Check Coord London Check Coord Laura's dress was really cool and fit the stage perfectly.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Lovely Rainbow Dream Coord Lovely Rainbow Dream Coord This is the Lovely Rainbow Dream
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Melty Whipped Cream Coord Melty Whipped Cream Coord My Little Heart's new Premium Rare Dress
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Night Ghost Coord Night Ghost Coord Magical trick!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Passion Doll Coord Passion Doll Coord Mahiru, we were right to leave our dresses in your hands.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Pink Star Coord Pink Star Coord It's been too long since we were on stage together.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Popping Animal Coord Popping Animal Coord Lilienne, you were rocking that Shiny Smile dress!
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Purple London Check Coord Purple London Check Coord Laura, that was an awesome performance.
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Secret Diary Coord Secret Diary Coord Hime-senpai, you used a diary motif for
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Star Patrol Coord Star Patrol Coord The outfits we used in the drama
peeji wo mekuru tabi ni shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Wonderful Comic Coord Wonderful Comic Coord Performing as Yuzukoshou was a lot of fun!
Peking!
- Peking north city - Nanking south city - Tokyo east city Can anybody answer these? We will begin with the rightmost word.
Peking north city Nanking south city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city Tokyo east city - The last one's a trick question! It's obviously Tokyo!
Peking north city Nanking south city Tokyo east city Wha—That opens?!
Peking north city Nanking south city Tokyo east city Yes, very good. And now for the last one, Nijino-san.
Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord May everyone have a happy day.
Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord Peony Marching Coord I'm so happy we were able to hold our Christmas show this year with you, Koharu-chan!
People are excited, even taking bets on who'll win.
People are having fun taking bets on who'll win.
People are waiting for the idol, Shiratori Hime.
People from lots of different schools are here.
People know her as a legendary idol.
- People said her voice was a fleeting shooting star.
People said her voice was like a fleeting shooting star.
Peoples, if you don't cheer for Kirara...
Peoples! Kirara's next up!
Peoples! Kirara's up next!
Peoples! Next up it's Kirara's stage!
People tend to set their own limitations.
People who ignore that and send them anyway are baa!
Perfect?
Perfect.
Perfect Elza.
Perfect Elza has judged Koharu's designer potential to be extremely high.
Perfect Elza is to be feared.
Perfect Idol Elza.
Perfect. Let's head out.
Perfectly done.
Perfectly Flawless-senpai!
Perfectly so.
Perfect Queen.
Perfect Queen. That's Elza-san's brand.
Perfect, there's still plenty of time to prepare for the surprise party.
Perfect! This is the one.
Perfect weather for running.
- Performing like this out of nowhere...
Performing on stage is the most fun thing ever!
Performing with you was a lot of fun.
Performing with you was a wonderful experience.
Perhaps... but I'd feel bad if I cut them too much.
Perhaps due to my familiarity around cameras from as long as I can remember, I was never nervous.
Perhaps due to my familiarity with cameras from as long as I can remember, I was never nervous.
Perhaps found a new brand?
Perhaps I'll be chivalrous and wish you both the best.
Perhaps I'll even take a refill.
Perhaps I should report it to Elza.
Perhaps it was a fearsome carnivore!
Perhaps it was Yuzu's whim, or else carefully orchestrated, but in any case, Yuzu brought to me a book.
Perhaps the feeling is infectious.
Perhaps this?
Perhaps you need...
Perhaps yours, but I consider mine to be great.
Personality?
Personally, I'd want a traveling segment where I'd get to eat yummy snacks from around the world.
Personally, I think this one matches the mood of the song.
Pets are forbidden in the dorms.
Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo
Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Petting Zoo Wow, could it be?
Petting Zoo Petting Zoo When you saw the hedgehog at the petting zoo...
Piano skills contribute not a single percentage to my exam scores.
- Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode Jump-in Jump-in Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera That's a good observation.
- Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in Jump-in
- Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode - Pilot: First broadcast episode
Pinchi datte makenai We'll never lose Chance! Chance! Wow wow wow!!
Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord
Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord New school dresses! I can't
Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord We were able to show
Pink Marching Coord Pink Marching Coord - Yeah! And in addition to my dream of being the first-star, I have another precious dream.
Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord I'll pass the finish as the world's greatest idol!
Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord Pink Shine Stars Coord It was like a dream to sing the song passed down
Pinky Cat!
- Piping hot oden - Skit - Pair dance - Street performance - A gag!!
- Piping hot oden - Skit - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song
- Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song A song...
- Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song
- Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Pair dance - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden
Plateau Series Famous Mountain Guidebook That majestic lake on the way to the plateau used to be a volcanic crater.
platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed - Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type - Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform - Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed
Platypuses are way better.
Play Starts at 17:00 Play Starts at 17:00 Romeo and Juliet Romeo and Juliet Four Star School Festival Four Star School Festival Hang on, what's going on here?
Please!
Please.
Please...
Please accept my chocolate!
Please accept this.
Please accept this as a bit of my gratitude.
Please accept this as a token of my gratitude.
Please allow me to accompany you!
Please allow me to finish this!
Please allow me to learn from your Aikatsu, Mahiru-san!
Please allow us to help!
Please allow us to take charge.
Please, ask away.
Please be aware of your surroundings.
Please be back by 2 PM!
Please begin your self-promotion.
Please believe in Elza.
Please believe us!
Please be mindful of safety and refrain from pushing onto a train.
- Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while I know you'll make it, Laura.
- Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while
Please be there.
Please call her here at once!
Please calm down and explain.
Please change your mind!
Please come!
Please come and check it out!
Please come and enjoy!
Please come and visit us at Rainbow Confectionery!
- Please come and watch!!
Please come and watch!
Please come check it out!
Please come if possible. Goodbye.
Please, come in.
Please, come on in!
Please come on stage!
Please come this way.
Please, come to our lesson!
Please come to see Elza's performance at once!
Please come to see us!
Please come to the studio.
Please come visit us at Rainbow Confectionery!
Please come watch!
Please consider attending.
Please consider our positions when you disappear on us!
Please continue.
Please continue supporting us.
Please direct your attention to the monitor!
Please do!
Please do.
Please do as I ask.
Please do it.
Please don't...
Please don't do it!
Please don't forget.
Please, don't hesitate.
Please don't joke around about that.
Please don't mention it.
Please don't quit being an idol!
Please don't say that so loudly!
Please do your best!
Please do your best.
Please, eat to your heart's content!
Please, Elza-san.
Please enjoy.
Please enjoy a pleasant evening under the stars.
Please enjoy it along with the avocado wasabi sauce.
Please enjoy it until the end.
Please enjoy, Rei-san.
Please enjoy the festivities to the fullest.
Please enjoy this wonderful evening.
Please enter the event with me!
Please, feel free.
Please feel free to come if you have the time.
Please feel welcome to come.
Please follow me.
Please forgive our rudeness.
Please get ready.
Please give it a listen!
Please give me advice too!
Please, give me an honest answer.
Please give me more along those lines.
Please give me tips for getting better at singing!
Please give me your vote!
Please give us a comment!
Please give us a comment.
Please give us a short comment.
Please give us that line one last time!
Please give us your support!
Please, go ahead.
Please go back down!
Please go on standby.
Please have a nice day.
Please head to the stage as soon as you're ready.
Please help her!
Please help me!
Please help us!
Please hold on! Don't you think it's unreasonable to expel her like that?
Please! I love, love, love it!
Please indulge yourself in this as well.
Please, I need your help!
Please introduce yourself.
Please introduce yourselves, S4.
Please, it's too hard!
Please, I've been learning a lot myself.
Please join me in practicing my scene with Subaru-kyun!
Please join us for this exciting journey.
Please, just let this slide!
Please keep your eyes open for it.
Please leave a message after the beep.
Please leave it to me.
Please leave. We have to prepare for our show.
Please, let it happen again.
Please, let me perform like those times.
Please let me try again!
Please let this slide.
Please let us change our dresses!
Please let us continue!
Please let us dance until the end!
Please let us finish the dance!
Please let us switch our dresses!
Please listen closely.
Please listen to my song full of gratitude.
Please listen to the music I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou Please listen to the music I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou Please listen to the music I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou Please listen to the music
Please look for him.
Please look forward to it!
Please look forward to seeing it.
- Please, Mahiru-chan! I know you're supposed to be off, but Ako-chan might be in trouble by herself.
- Please, Mahiru-chan! I know you're supposed to be off, but Ako-chan must be anxious by herself.
Please, Mahiru-chan! I know you're supposed to be off, but Ako-chan must be freaking out by herself.
Please, Mahiru-chan. Stop Venus Ark!
Please make a cake with me!
Please make it in time, Laura!
Please make your decision.
Please Mary, Mary's little lamb onegai merii kohitsuji merii Please Mary, Mary's little lamb onegai merii kohitsuji merii Let's keep on playing even in our dreams yume no naka de mo asobitai na Let's keep on playing even in our dreams yume no naka de mo asobitai na Won't we be friends forever?
Please, my love for it is far greater!
Please. My love for it is far greater!
Please pardon my interruption.
Please, please, please, please!
Please push the button for either true or false.
Please put in your votes now!
Please refrain from the dangerous act of pushing onto a train.
Please rescue me!
Please self-produce your own coord using the dresses provided here.
Please shake my hand!
Please share some of your beauty!
Please sign here.
Please smile down upon my sister!
Please stand away from the white line!
Please start posing.
Please start your questioning.
Please step forward.
Please stop by if you find yourself free.
Please stop by Jewel Ice Cream.
Please stop, you aren't a weak person at all.
Please take a look out to your right!
Please take back what you said.
Please take care of the rolled eggs.
Please take care of the tamagoyaki.
Please take me with you!
Please take one!
Please take this.
Please take us with you.
Please teach me, Rei-sensei!
Please teach me the trick to getting better at singing!
Please tell me.
Please tell me! Just what is this power?!
Please tell me some Japanese culture.
Please, that would be an enormous help.
Please train me!
Please train us!
Please try to understand Rei-chan's earnest feelings!
Please turn off the power to your phones.
Please turn off your phones.
Please upgrade it!
Please use it to recall your own dreams and stars of ideals.
Please wait!
Please wait.
Please wait a minute.
Please wait a moment Will you select a replacement?
Please wait a moment, Yuzu!
Please wait for me!
Please watch my performance.
Please watch your hands and head.
Please win, Kasumi!
Please write a signed statement declaring that you will not tell any lies.
Please write down what your partner loves most on your boards.
Please write down your partner's favorite thing on your boards.
Please, you are not at fault.
Plenty of charming girls joined the Beauty Class as well.
Plus a performance by S4!
Plus a pool and waterfall!
Plus a rival!
Plus, both of them are the very definition of highly skilled.
Plus, Hime-senpai is taking a leave of absence to go on a journey.
Plus, I don't want to let the other three beat me.
Plus, I still haven't properly said goodbye to my fans.
Plus, it's just awful to clean.
Plus there's also Alice-chan who transferred here from Venus Ark.
Plus there's working as the main model for Aikatsu Style Girls.
Plus, we don't want to be overshadowed by the sheep.
Plus, you know how low the acceptance rate is for the Song Class too.
Plus you're entirely out of alignment!
Plus you've been thinking about your dress designs— How will you manage to prepare for the party?
Points?
Popping all about just like popcorn poppukoon mitai ni hajiketara Popping all about just like popcorn poppukoon mitai ni hajiketara Sounding like their talk is very very fun oshaberi very very tanoshii ne Sounding like their talk is very very fun oshaberi very very tanoshii ne - Even if I keep quiet, you'll just figure it out - damattetemo kimi ni wa barechau
Popping right out of a box is just like our grab bag Koharu.
Pop Pop Popcorn Dreaming!
- Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' Pop Pop Popcorn Dreaming!
- Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin' - Pop Pop Popcorn Dreamin'
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make August Marina is a really fun stage filled with fishies and juice.
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make I was really happy to see Lily take part in a serious performance after all this time.
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make The four fresh idols' performance filled me with energy.
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make To commemorate my first performance with Mahiru, we made a portrait of the two of us.
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make We made a photo portrait of Hime-chan looking much cooler and mature than usual!
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make We made portraits of the cute Yume-chan and Laura-chan frolicking in the flowers like butterflies.
Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make Portrait Make We made a portrait of Hime-chan looking much cooler and mature than usual!
Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages Potential Points Potential Points
Potential Points - Potential Points - Potential Points Potential Points - Aikatsu Ranking Potential Point Gaining Stages - Potential Points Potential Points Potential Points The end of the year is especially packed with high-point events.
Pouring my soul into this moment!
Pow!
P-Please, don't be.
Practice, then we'll talk.
Praise me more!
Praise Yuzu too!
- PRD Debut - PRD Debut My first Premium Rare Dress, made with everyone at Berry Parfait.
- PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut Goods Goods Star Wings didn't appear...
- PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut - PRD Debut
Precious?
Precisely!
Precisely.
Precisely. When your ilk are aroused by the sight of something wonderful, you sprout wings.
- Precisely. When your ilk are excited by the sight of something wonderful, you sprout wings.
- Precisely. When your ilk become aroused at the sight of something wonderful, you sprout wings.
Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord
Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord I finally found my Premium Rare Dress, the Premiere Berry Coord!
Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord I finally have my Premium Rare
Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord Première Berry Coord I'm so mad I lost!
- Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut And besides the dress itself, I want to make the event really pop!
Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut I can't believe I can see Kirara-chan in Japan!
Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut I see. And that led to Lily-senpai completing her Premium Rare dress.
- Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare
- Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut - Premium Rare Dress Debut
- Premium Rare Dress Debut Stage - Premium Rare Dress Debut Stage - Premium Rare Dress Debut Stage - Premium Rare Dress Debut Stage - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery
Premium Rare Dresses are a very special piece of clothing.
Premium Rare Dresses are very special pieces of clothing.
Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show Thank you for waiting! We now begin Romance Kiss's Premium Dress fashion show!
Premium Rare Dress Presentation!
- Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love I've heard that you were all smiles
- Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love - Premonition of Love
Premonitions of Spring.
Preparations are long complete.
Prepare a chair.
Prepare immediately!
Prepare it.
Prepare to go live!
Prepare yourselves!
- Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion Mahiru-chan and Kirara-chan will promote it.
- Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents - Promotion - Presents
- Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents Presents - Okay!
President!
President?
President Koumoto?
President Koumoto, if you would!
President Koumoto, please let us know.
President Koumoto, what do you think?
Pretend?
Pretty amazing.
Pretty... it's very pretty!
- Pretty lucky we all got our schedules to line up.
- Pretty ridiculous, in hindsight.
Pretty smooth.
Preview Preview About the star wings...
Preview Preview A drama together with Subaru-kyun?!
Preview Preview Aikatsu is suffering.
Preview Preview Allow me to handle this.
Preview Preview A unit event?
Preview Preview Before the start of a new year...
Preview Preview Booths and plays!
Preview Preview Create your own miracle! Felici-Tai!
Preview Preview Down with Venus Ark!
Preview Preview Dress GET!
Preview Preview Elza-sama! Let's go see the firework show together!
Preview Preview Even though we're idols...
Preview Preview Everyone shine! I really love this theme.
Preview Preview Exhilaration...
Preview Preview First thing after the New Year, it's our first try at a skit?
Preview Preview Four Star Academy's Seven Lucky Items?
Preview Preview Graduation, and the season of partings.
Preview Preview Happy Halloween!
Preview Preview Hey, I just saw a mysterious girl.
Preview Preview How do you view yourself in S4, Nijino-san?
Preview Preview Huh? It's not opening!
Preview Preview I can't wait to see it!
Preview Preview I devote myself to Elza!
Preview Preview I don't want Koharu-chan to leave.
Preview Preview I don't want our S4 senpai to graduate!
Preview Preview I got the chance to help out with the admins' work!
Preview Preview I haven't had off-time in so long.
Preview Preview I'll use karate.
Preview Preview I need to work hard at both work and party preparations.
Preview Preview In the refreshing fields...
Preview Preview Isn't there anyone who wants to dance with me?
Preview Preview I swear I won't lose to Yume this time.
Preview Preview It's almost New Year's!
Preview Preview It's an emergency!
Preview Preview It's happening!
Preview Preview It's just as I thought about Yozora-senpai and Mahiru-chan!
Preview Preview It's my turn now!
Preview Preview It's the biggest event in a young girl's life: Valentine's Day!
Preview Preview It's the class sorting auditions!
Preview Preview It's the Final Tournament lineup and bean throwing!
Preview Preview It's the "Search for S around the city" game!
Preview Preview It's the second half of Venus Wave!
Preview Preview It's this year's Koukadou audition!
Preview Preview I've made a decision. It all comes down to this fest!
Preview Preview Koharu-chan...
Preview Preview Koharu-chan, have you been feeling down?
Preview Preview Laura, we've got a test coming up.
Preview Preview Let's heat up Christmas once again!
Preview Preview Lily-senpai's back at the academy!
Preview Preview Look! Up in the sky!
Preview Preview My raw singing ability still pales in comparison to Laura's.
Preview Preview No matter how many tiles I break and break...!
Preview Preview Nothing happened this time, thanks to Hime-senpai...
Preview Preview No! Venus Ark is being dissolved?!
Preview Preview Oh no, I think we're lost!
Preview Preview Oh no! Tsubasa-senpai's going to get mad at us!
Preview Preview Once I become the best in the world, I will retire from being an idol.
Preview Preview Only one pair of Star Wings remains.
Preview Preview Our legend has just begun!
Preview Preview Our senpai in S4 are all so strong!
Preview Preview Quiz time! What spice did I just include?
Preview Preview Return my brand!
Preview Preview S4's schedule is filled to the margins.
Preview Preview Sakuraba Laura-chan is really good at singing.
Preview Preview So much has happened to us these last two years.
Preview Preview So this is Venus Ark!
Preview Preview Spice Chord is in your hands, Sakuraba!
Preview Preview That fairy costume is so cute!
Preview Preview The boat's leaving!
Preview Preview The kind of sky that's above us today is...
Preview Preview The order for Song Class has been decided.
Preview Preview There is no place for weaklings in Venus Ark.
Preview Preview The S4 Selection has begun.
Preview Preview The ship's setting sail?
Preview Preview This beautiful weather is perfect for outside work.
Preview Preview This time on M4's TV show...
Preview Preview Those who strive to be idols can't progress without intelligence and stamina!
Preview Preview To tell you the truth, I've been wanting to perform with you, Laura.
Preview Preview We'll spend an entire day doing all sorts of different jobs!
Preview Preview We're getting the chance to co-star with S4 in a drama?
Preview Preview We're going to appear on Aikatsu TV?
Preview Preview We've been invited onto Ako-chan's animal show.
Preview Preview What a beautiful lady.
Preview Preview What is it that makes me unique?!
Preview Preview What should I do if that power takes over again?
Preview Preview What's up with those scary girls?
Preview Preview When the four classes come together, an epic battle will unfold.
Preview Preview Whether it ends in tears or smiles, this is it.
Preview Preview Why can't I beat Yume?
Preview Preview Woo! Sexy!
Preview Preview Yume and Koharu are fighting?!
Preview Preview Yume, are you okay?!
Preview Preview Yume-chan?
Preview Preview Yume, what kind of dress do you want to make?
Preview Preview Yume, will you really be okay?
Preview Preview Yume, your family runs a confectionery, right?
Preview Preview Yuzu-senpai is holding a treasure hunt for her concert?
Preview Preview Zipang!
Pride?
Pride...
Princess?
Princess Elza...
Pro adventurers...
Probably...
Probably because Hime-senpai went all out against me.
Problem Known angles Unknown angles Anyone striving to be an idol must make math their ally.
Problem Known angles Unknown angles Oh really, is that so?
- Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles
- Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles These trigonometry problems are a cinch if you use real paper to solve them.
Problem Known angles Unknown angles x pens costing 120 yen each are sold, leaving y remaining.
Problem sets for what's on the test.
- Proficiency Test 1 - Proficiency Test 1 - Language Arts - Language Arts Now... you may begin!
Proficiency tests?
Proficiency Tests They're next week!
Projecting your voice is different from just being loud.
Promise!
Promise to join me one day.
- Promotion - Presents - Promotion Promotion Got it.
Proposal Proposal Nijino Yume - Filming will be at a lush green lakeside. All the animals of the forest will join, lured by the singing. - Nijino Yume will sing of hope along with a nostalgic backing track— The concept is a fairy as pure as sunlight through the leaves.
Psyched?
Public Audition Everything I like... that will become my individuality!
Pulling off the best performance you can in your favorite dress makes me so happy I can't contain my excitement!
Pull in your chin, and relax your throat and shoulders.
Pull your chin in, puff your chest out, and open your throat wide!
Pulse?
Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment Punishment What punishment?
Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Only one pair of Star Wings remain.
Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord Koharu-chan designed the Purple Couleur Ribbon Coord.
Push onward and strive to perfect yourself!
Put care into each and every stitch.
Put everyone on standby to record asap.
Put Hime Shiratori on.
Put simply...
Put simply, doing a Dress Make means to customize your dress.
Put simply, it means to do what must be done.
Put simply, we want to figure out what kind of unit we want to be.
Put the whole desserts thing aside for now.
Putting me aside, there were plenty of others who didn't do well despite being really good.
Putting two of S4 together is just way too OP!
Putting two S4 members together is way too OP!
Putting your wishes into words is yet another way to self-produce.
- Put together it's Aikatsu six katsu-katsu.
Put together it's Aikatsu six katsu-katsu.
Put your best foot forward and go, go, go!
Put your hand in.
- Question!
- Question 1 - Question 1 - Question 1 - Question 1 The tallest mountain in Japan is...
Question List Hobbies Music appreciation Pickling sour konbu Special skills Singing Favorite thing Sour konbu Favorite food konbu Cherry lead in We all just started here, so jumping right into an external audition is a big deal.
Question time!
Question Time!
Quiet!
Quite a bit, thank you!
Quite a lot, at that.
Quite splendid.
Quite the length has passed since you boarded the ship.
Quite well, in fact.
- Quiz Show! - Quiz Show!
- Racer and Bodyguard Kisaragi Tsubasa - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 That gets me going!
Rainbow Berry Parfait is going to capture everyone's hearts!
Rainbow Berry Parfait is going to capture hearts!
Rainbow Candy.
Rainbow Candy Rainbow Candy I heard about Koharu.
Rainbow-colored Smile.
Rainbow Confectionery Rainbow Confectionery I'm back!
- Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow
- Rainbow Confectionery - Rainbow Confectionery So this is your house.
Rainbow Confectionery Rainbow Confectionery Thanks, same to you.
Rainbow dress.
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord I want to make everyone shine with the Rainbow Etoile Coord we made together!
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord - Making everyone shine is the cenrtal concept of Rainbow Berry Parfait.
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Making everyone shine is the central concept of Rainbow Berry Parfait.
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Our new brand after we powered
Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord Rainbow Étoile Coord When my own radiance and a wonderful dress come together, I can deliver a shine to everyone!
Rainbow Smile.
Rainbow Smile☆ Rainbow Smile☆ Rainbow Smile☆ Let's make the best of our first show together in a while!
Raise my head, puff my chest out, and act confidently.
- Randoseru - Randoseru - Randoseru - Randoseru And SAH!
Ranking on the rise!!
Ran-san.
Ran-san, you smell like the senpai the admire.
Rare dresses?
Rare Dresses?
Raring to go!
Rather than doing the same thing as everyone else, you should try to find something unique to yourself.
Rather than thinking about it, experience is the best teacher.
Rather unique, in its own way.
Ratings go through the roof whenever they appear on TV!
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response A Dream That Can't Be Taken
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Advance! Yuzukoshou!
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Halloween★Magic
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Lost Laura?!
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Rainbow Candy
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Take Flight, Sky-Girl!
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response The Tale of a Tiny Dress
Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response True Rivals
reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto
reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we
Read my lips: I am not a boiled octopus!
Read my lips: I am not a tomato!
Read the mood!
Read this through.
Ready!
Ready?
Ready.
Ready...
Ready, action!
Ready, and!
Ready, and...
Ready... bang!
Ready, go!
Ready, Lily? It's time for the debut show!
Ready, start!
Ready! Start the music!
Ready? Then let's do it!
- Ready to go!
Ready to go!
Ready to head out?
Ready to keep going?
Ready to start moving?
Realizing that made me really happy.
Realizing that made me unbelievably happy.
Really!
Really?
Really?!
Really...
Really? Aren't we already set on Laura-chan?
Really? Aw, shucks.
Really? But your acting was so moving, Ako-chan.
Really? Can I rely on you, Nijino-san?
Really? I'd like to see that.
Really? I'd rather bring out as much girlishness as possible, so I'm all for a skirt!
Really? I had this all the time back in New York.
Really? I just think fun is the best.
Really, I'm so glad you came back to us.
Really? I'm so relieved.
Really? I think it'll be Beauty Class.
Really? I was given a break too.
Really? Let's go watch!
Really now...
Really? Please do.
Really, pranks are baaad, okay?
Really, really! But keep up with the lessons, and eventually you'll make it here.
Really, really good!
Really? Sounds exciting.
Really? Sounds fishy to me.
Really? Subaru-kun hardly ever speaks that highly of others.
Really, takoyaki?
Really? Thanks in advance, Alice-chan.
Really? That's cool.
Really? That's great.
Really? Then Elza-chan might just be a bit lonely.
Really? We've been so looking forward to seeing you.
Really? We were so looking forward to seeing you.
Really? Yay!
Really? Yay, you praised me!
Really? You got a special Grade-up Glitter?
Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Going live!
Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule It'll be okay. I triple-checked the program already.
Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule Recording Schedule
Red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.
Reel it in, Yuzu. Christmas is still a ways away.
Reflected in your eyes I have a bit of unfortunately information for you all.
Refresh complete!
Refreshments!
Refreshments...
Refreshments! We baked a chocolate cake for you.
Regain your shine by your own strength!
Regarding Nijino Yume.
Regardless, I hold the ultimate dress.
Regardless, I'm your bodyguard.
Regardless of how many references I peruse or materials I gather, they are not coming together in the way I envision.
Regardless of who it is endowed to...
- Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed - Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type - Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform - Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the
- Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed - Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type - Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform - Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this
Rei?
Rei.
Rei...
Rei-chan!
Rei-chan.
Rei-chan...
Rei-chan got a bite!
Rei-chan, hello!
Rei-chan pounded the basics of cooking into me!
Rei-chan's here too.
Rei-chan, we brought snacks!
Rei-chan, you got it!
Rei-chan, you're even better than before!
Rei-chan, you're so cool!
Rei-chan, you're so handsome!
Rei has disappointed me with her foolish actions.
Rei, I have a question for you.
Rei, it's time.
Rei, Koharu, come here.
Reina-chan?
Reina-chan, don't you love her?
Rei-sama!
Rei-sama acts as Elza-sama's secretary, taking care of many of her needs.
Rei-sama, Mahiru-sama, you as well.
Rei-san!
Rei-san?
Rei-san.
Rei-san...
Rei-san and I faced off for the First Stage.
Rei-san, didn't you say that you've seen the play before, and even read the screenplay?
Rei-san, Elza-san.
Rei-san, Elza-san, aren't you going to participate?
Rei-san has Uranus, I have Neptune, and Lily-senpai has Pluto.
Rei-san, I'd like to have a short interview with you. Do you mind?
Rei-san is so dazzling!
Rei-san... I thought so.
Rei-san, I was entranced by your stage walking!
Rei-san just shot way up in the Aikatsu Ranking.
- Rei-san performed to preserve Venus Ark.
Rei-san performed to protect Venus Ark.
Rei-san's magnificent performance was woven with her feelings for Elza-san, and I was worried about the outcome, We'll now take a short recess for lunch, after which will be the Second Stage with Elza Forte-san and Kasumi Mahiru-san.
Rei-san's not there?!
Rei-san, thank you so much.
Rei-san, there's something I have to ask.
Rei-san understands how important today is.
Rei-san understands just how important today is.
Rei-san used to be a popular model in New York.
Rei-san, wasn't this expensive?
Rei-san was so cool when she got her Uranus Star Premium Rare Coord.
Rei-san will be giving an original modeling lesson too!
Rei-san wove her feelings for Elza-san into her magnificent performance, so I was worried about the outcome, but in the end, the support of my fans was enough to push me through to the Final Stage.
Rei-san, you're our light.
Rei-san, you're really treating us to all this?
Rei-san, your taste and knowledge are both perfect!
Rei-san, your taste and knowledge are perfect!
Rei-senpai.
Rei-senpai was born in America, but she's a kendo master.
Rei, the preparations are complete.
Rei, there is something I would like to share with only you.
Rei, there is something I would like to share with you alone.
Relatives you don't often get to see all come together.
Relax, I used the blunt edge.
Release date?
- Releasing on the same day would be killer for anyone.
Remember? Elza-san relies on her butler and the chefs for everything on the boat.
Remember? Elza-san relies on her butler and the chefs for everything on the ship.
Remember how I was in Italy during the holiday last year?
Remember? It's the special drama filmed here at the school.
Remember that working too hard can backfire.
Remember that working too hard will just have the opposite effect.
Remember the daytime stars, Yume-chan.
Remember we're recording tomorrow, so prepare accordingly.
Remember what I said?
Remember what Yume-chan said last time?
Representatives from each year will be performing for this special program.
Representatives from each year will perform on this special program.
- Resort Okunotani - Resort Okunotani Spa Resort Okunotani...
resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches wakiagaru kono merodi ai no rokkun rooru!
Respect!
- Respect! - Gallant idol - Mahiru - Respect! - Gallant idol - Mahiru - Respect! - Gallant idol - Mahiru - Respect! - Gallant idol - Mahiru Respect!
Rest assured.
Rest here for a bit longer.
Rest in here for a bit longer.
Restore your brilliance with your own strength!
Restraint does ills on your beauty.
Rest up for now, and when you get much much better later, then you can sing and dance with me!
Result Announcement Result Announcement Result Announcement It's time to announce the results.
- Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results And we're done!
- Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results
- Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results
- Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - Results - The class that answered the most questions correctly is...
Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results Results This dress does a proper job of showing off your cuteness.
Results Results This dress does a proper job of showing off your cutebess.
Return! Return!
reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru A new sound is born reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru A new sound is born reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru A new sound is born reverberating with admiration akogare ni furueru oto ga umareru
reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration A new sound is born reverberating with admiration
- Reward - Reward - Time - Time Here, these are for you.
- Reward - Reward - Time - Time I brought enough ramune to go around, don't hold back.
Reward Time.
Ribbit?
Ribon kakete taisetsu ni shiyou hello sister say!
Rides were a one-way ticket to getting sick.
Ridiculously unique? I'd like to meet her!
Riding any car would be a one-way ticket to getting sick.
Right!
Right?
Right.
Right...
Right, Ako-chan can stop them!
Right? Also, Elza-san already contacted us with an offer to be in the next Venus Wave.
Right? Also, Elza-san's already sent us an offer to be in the next Venus Wave.
Right, and that requires studying.
Right as soon as these buds open.
Right, as will I!
Right away.
Right back at you.
- Right. Because I have more opportunities to be on stage, it's allowed me to sing in front of many more people.
Right before we first took the stage together.
Right, but we won't lose to our rivals in Tristar!
Right, Carol-ta...
Right, Carol-tan?
Right, Carol-tan...
Right, did you hear?
Right? Double muses are great!
Right, Elza-sama?
Right, even if we can't see them...
Right, Four Star Academy's...
Right, got it.
Right here?!
Right here, right now, whoever manages to dance to my groove gets to pair with me.
Right. However, I...
Right, I didn't see that many people in the lobby. Is everyone coming later?
Right, I'd like to know as well.
Right, I forgot!
Right, I'll do my best.
Right! I'll give it my best!
Right! I'll keep studying hard and improve my skills as a designer!
Right, I'll try some!
Right? Isn't it the perfect dress for me?
Right, isn't there that saying?
Right, it's like the gateway to success.
Right, it's worth trying to convince her otherwise.
Right, I was in the Song Class at first.
Right, Kanata?
Right, Koharu?
Right, Laura?
Right? Let's have a good time!
Right, let's stop rolling.
Right, let's win this!
Right, Mizuki?
Right, Naho-san?
Right! Nijino Yume, ready to go!
Right now?
Right now, aren't you keeping someone dear to you waiting?
Right now, I can't think of anything but Koharu-chan.
Right now, I don't want to be caught up staying in one place ima wa hitotsu no basho ni todomaritakunai jibun ga iru no Even if after I set off tatoe tobitatta ato ni Even if after I set off tatoe tobitatta ato ni Even if after I set off
Right now, I'm devoting everything I have to this movie.
Right now, I'm studying up on Star Premium Rare Coords.
Right now is the time S4 needs to dig in.
Right now, Mahiru is my own first star!
Right now, she's trying to strengthen the image of her own brand, Berry Parfait.
Right now, we all have the same dream.
Right now, we need to find the culprit.
Right now, we're all reaching for the same dream.
Right now, what I must do is...
Right over there.
Right, Prince?
Right, Rei-chan?
Right, right?
Right, right! Can anyone figure out who the Stern Greek Sculpture is?
Right, right, everyone can clear the first few.
Right, Saya?
Right! Thank you for the lesson!
Right, that! So listen, if you don't mind, I want to help Berry Parfait...
Right, the crowning!
Right, the important thing is to say everything that comes to mind.
Right then, bye-bee.
Right then. Shall we get going?
right up until I saw her perform.
Right, we'll entertain them to the fullest!
Right when we first got here, I was super busy trying to start up FuwaFuwa Dream.
right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you datte yume wa sonna ni chiisakunai Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in
right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you
Right, yes.
Right you are.
Right, Yume?
Ring!
Ring ding-a-ling! The winner of this year's Summer Fest was Song Class!
Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight Attendant 2016 Morning Drama Rise of a Flight
Rise of a Flight Attendant - Oh, sorry for giggling.
Rise of a\- hFlight Attendant Rise of a\- hFlight Attendant The currently airing Rise of a Flight Attendant continues to top the rating charts.
Rival chocolate! I was moved after seeing M4's performance.
"Rival confirmed"?
Rival Rival confirmed!
Rivals?!
Rivals. Yes, they certainly are.
rizumu awasete Jumpin' And we'll reach our happiness todoketai yo Happiness And we'll reach our happiness todoketai yo Happiness This music is like a miracle kiseki mitai na Music This music is like a miracle kiseki mitai na Music It leads us to our wonderland watashi tachi no Wonderland It leads us to our wonderland
Rizumu ni awasete hajikeru kanadeyou yo yume doriimu suteeji mimi wo sumasetara watashitachi She's nothing like I imagined!
Roar!
Roar! Are you all animaling?!
Roar! Are you all animaruing?!
Rock Fest Artist Announcement Featured Idol Sakuraba Laura Featured Idol Sakuraba Laura - Special Column "The song only I can sing" - Special Column "The song only I can sing" Mahiru is making a name for herself as a different type of model from me.
Rock Girls!
Rock Girls! script.
Rock is not a genre of music.
Rock My Heart Coord.
Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord - It's not just cool, the Rock My Heart Coord mixes in sweetness too.
Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord It's not just cool—the Rock My Heart Coord mixes in sweetness too.
Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord Rock My Heart Coord
Rock! Rock Girls!
Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Rock! Rock Girls! Rave Reviews Catch the fresh first-years' acting.
Roger!
Roger.
Roger Wilco.
- Role - Little Mermaid Marissa - Mentor Idol - Super Idol - Agency President - Rival Idol - Legendary MC - Granny Next Door - Park Owner - Actor - Saotome Ako - Nijino Yume - Yuuki Subaru - Kira Kanata - Suzuki Yoshie - Kenta Harami - Sakamaki Yoshiko
Romance, huh.
Romance is one part of that.
Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event Romance Kiss Event We held a model contest for the first-years.
Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Romance Kiss New Dress Confirmed Her coord was chosen as
Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show July 6 Mahiru-chan!
- Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - July 6 Please come and watch my show.
- Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - July 6 - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - Romance Kiss Premium Rare Dress Fashion Show - July 6
Romance Kiss's Premium Rare Dress is the Daylight Festival Coord.
Romance Kiss's summer dress.
Romance Kiss's whole feeling has changed from when Yozora-senpai was in charge.
Romeo!
Romeo and Juliet.
Romeo's Yuri-chan.
Rookie actors are prone to get nervous and dart their eyes all around.
Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord I'm looking at Lily-senpai striving for even greater heights with her Star Wings in a new light.
Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Lily-senpai's Rosetta Sone Coord really moved me!
Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Lily-senpai's Rosetta Thorn
Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord Rosetta Thorn Coord The Tundra Diva is shining even brighter
Rouge!
Rouge, you say? Very well.
- Round 5 Fastest Finger Quiz - Round 6 Cooking - Round 7 Marathon Well...
Royal Sword!
Royal Sword is a brand made only for Elza.
R-Really?
R-Reflex.
R-Right!
R-Right.
R-Right...
R-R-R-Revenge!
Ru...
Rubby rub!
- rubii - R-Ruby!
Rules are meant to be followed.
Rules are rules.
Rumors said that Venus Ark was a collection of idol pirates, but my worries were misplaced if they have girls like her.
Run!
Run away!
Running a marathon after all those other rounds isn't going to be easy.
Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo I can't contain this feeling in my heart kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru I can't contain this feeling in my heart kokoro ni shimaikirenai omoi ga aru I can't contain this feeling in my heart
Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo Running around the sun's orbit desperately trying to catch up katamuki dasu taiyou ni oitsukitakute hashiru yo
- Rusuban denwa - A-Answering machine!
Ruuju U, U...
- Ruujyu - Rouge.
S...
S4 can't afford to falter here.
S4 doesn't get to change their uniforms though.
S4 has been cast in an all-new drama.
S4 has been cast to star in an all new drama.
S4 has one final show to thank all the remaining students and teachers for their support.
S4 is always so busy.
S4 is going to watch me perform.
S4 is incredible...
S4 is on it all the time, but you're the first one in our year to get in.
S4 is so awesome.
S4 members sure have it tough.
S4 must have always been filled with kind people.
S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards N-No wonder they're S4...
S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards S4 New Year's Cards
S4 Presents: A Premium Night is airing in two days.
S4 Presents: A Premium Night will be broadcast in two days.
S4 Presents: It's our job to shine.
S4 Presents: It's Our Job to Shine!
S4 Presents: It's Our Job to Shine.
S4's...
S4's always so busy.
S4's gonna give us a guided tour!
S4's gotta set a high standard for Four Star Academy.
S4 shines and takes punishments together.
S4 shines together and takes punishments together.
S4's tea party, pretend Gathering of Stars!
S4's the only group I love.
S4, take it away.
S4 TV, right?
S4 will be taking part in their full glory too.
S4 will continue to race around at the top.
S4 will continue to run along at the very top.
S4 will present the hottest Aikatsu news during this segment.
Sad? What does she mean?
Safe!
Sagashi ni ikou yo it's show time!
Saint Honoré!
- Sakamaki Yoshiko - Nagikawa Ryuuichi - Role - Little Mermaid Marissa - Mentor Idol - Super Idol - Agency President - Rival Idol - Legendary MC - Granny Next Door - Park Owner - Actor - Saotome Ako - Nijino Yume - Yuuki Subaru - Kira Kanata - Suzuki Yoshie - Kenta Harami
- Sakamaki Yoshiko - Nagikawa Ryuuichi Subaru-kyun?!
Sakuraba?
Sakuraba.
Sakuraba, aren't I always telling you that you're different from Nijino?
Sakuraba, don't I keep telling you that you're different from Nijino?
Sakuraba fills up every minute of her day with admin meetings for Nijino.
Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy - Sakuraba Genealogy - Laura - Sakuraba Genealogy - Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura Laura
Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy
Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Gonzaemon was a shamisen player with permission to play in the Shogun's court in the Edo Period.
Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Sakurako toured America as a composer during the Meiji Period.
Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Sakuraba Genealogy Well, yeah.
Sakuraba, GET!
- Sakuraba Gonzaemon was a shamisen player for the Shogun's court in the Edo Period.
- Sakuraba Gonzaemon was a shamisen player specially allowed into the Inner Palace in the Edo Period.
Sakuraba, I'm sorry, but if you could call the admins...
Sakuraba is filling up every minute of her day with admin meetings for Nijino.
Sakuraba Laura.
Sakuraba Laura...
Sakuraba Laura As for me...
Sakuraba Laura, blood type A.
Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru
Sakuraba Laura Definitely get into S4!
Sakuraba Laura, from the same.
Sakuraba Laura here.
Sakuraba Laura—it's my time to shine!
Sakuraba Laura. It's our time to shine!
Sakuraba Laura—It's our time to shine!
- Sakuraba Laura - Jasmine T. - Jasmine T.
Sakuraba Laura Koumoto Kaoru Nikaidou Yuzu m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 The matcha flavor's going right to my head!
Sakuraba Laura Mine is that I'm definitely going to get into S4.
- Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume My throat's a bit dry from the nerves.
- Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume
Sakuraba Laura Pardon us, we must be on our way to a job.
Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Laura?
- Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura
Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura
- Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura Th-This is...
- Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura Yume-chan, is something wrong?
Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura We can't use the projector?
- Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura Second, Sakuraba Laura-chan.
Sakuraba, Nijino... I'll leave it to you.
Sakuraba, Nijino, it's all on you now.
Sakuraba-san?
Sakuraba-san.
Sakuraba-san, congratulations.
Sakuraba-san, have you read any interesting books lately?
Sakuraba! Scream out those emotions you've been bottling up!
Sakuraba took a leave of absence to go home.
Sakuraba Urara was a top star songstress in the Taisho Period.
Sakuraba Urara was a top-star songstress in the Taisho Period.
Sakuraba will have to pass out this pile of taiyaki within the next hour.
Sakuraba. You have thought more deeply and more earnestly about song than anyone else in your year.
Sakuraba. You've thought more deeply and more seriously about song than anyone else in your year.
Sakuraba, Yuzu's told me everything.
Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales But...
Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales
Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales You have also fallen to last place in the Venus Ark popularity ranking.
Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Sales Though slow, attendance at your concerts is steadily decreasing.
Samba!
Same as me.
Same as Yume-chan, then.
Same! A ton of energetic girls joined, and the atmosphere's bright and cheerful!
Same goes for you.
Same here. I hope we get the chance again.
Same if we were all alike.
Same thing if we were all like each other.
Same to you.
- Same with me.
Same with me.
samishikute namida porori At the moment they spill out koboreochita toki At the moment they spill out koboreochita toki They stain the moon, the flowers, and even those feathers deep blue tsuki mo hana mo sono hane sae mo aoku somatta They stain the moon, the flowers, and even those feathers deep blue
Saotome.
Saotome Ako!
Saotome Ako.
Saotome Ako, as someone who has received all of Tsubasa-senpai's theater teachings, vows to pass your skills on to the next generation!
Saotome Ako-chan?!
Saotome Ako-chan...
Saotome Ako, making a dazzling entrance!
Saotome Ako, making her dazzling entrance!
Saotome Ako, on my way to glimmer!
Saotome Ako promises you her full support.
Saotome Ako, reporting for duty!
Saotome Ako-san and guests on set!
Saotome Ako Saotome Ako Ako-chan did it!
Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa And with me today is...
Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Four Star Academy Summer Fest - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Katsuragi Tsubasa - Katsuragi Tsubasa
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Satsu Eri - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Momoi Kokoro - Momoi Kokoro - Kashiwagi Mei - Kashiwagi Mei - Tamagawa Himari - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako Sakamoto Arisa Sakamoto Arisa Matsuoka Hana Matsuoka Hana Arimura Mirai Arimura Mirai Washitani Minori Washitani Minori She has passed Sakamoto Arisa and slid into the top spot.
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako Saotome Ako And fourth...
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako
- Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako Third, Saotome Ako-chan.
Saotome Ako Saotome Ako Saotome Ako There! Saotome Ako-san will be Theater Class's center!
- Saotome Ako - Shiratori Hime Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Sakuraba Laura - Dance - Beauty - Theater - Song - Haruka☆Luka - Kasumi Yozora - Kasumi Mahiru - Kisaragi Tsubasa - Sakuraba Laura
Saotome-san?
Saotome-san, I don't want you to have any regrets, so listen carefully.
- Saotome-san, please get on standby.
- Saotome-san, please get ready on standby.
Saotome-san, please go on standby.
Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality - High Quality Those sound perfect for someone as beloved by children as you.
Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako - Ako
Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome Saotome
Saotome, that was splendid.
Saotome, try and steal it from me.
Saotome, try to snatch it away from me.
Saotome, wear it well.
Saotome, you've grown.
Sashida-san!
- Sashida - Sashida Nijino Yume, you cannot go any further.
Sashida-shi is a capable producer who also overlooks S4.
Saturday at noon?
Save that for after our battle.
Save the blame for later.
Save your tears for later.
Saw that coming.
Say...
Say cheese!
Say, everyone. Are you chasing after a dream?
Say, girls.
Say goodbye to those tears and take a step forth namida ni wa gubbai arukidasou Say goodbye to those tears and take a step forth namida ni wa gubbai arukidasou Take that glimmering sweat as proof hikaru ase mo saikou Take that glimmering sweat as proof hikaru ase mo saikou
Say hello to myriad shining smiles!
Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with a song ima hane wa hitotsu ja nai hitori ja nai Now these wings aren't by themselves, aren't just for me ima hane wa hitotsu ja nai hitori ja nai Now these wings aren't by themselves, aren't just for me koerarenakatta ano yama mo koeresou
Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with emotion chotto hekonjatte ochikomu kimochi wa itsumo Whenever I'm feeling down, totally lost about what to do I couldn't have made my Rainbow Etoile Coord without her.
Say ho! May we reach the rainbow with emotion chotto hekonjatte ochikomu kimochi wa itsumo Whenever I'm feeling down, totally lost about what to do kimi ga kitto tonari ni ite fukitobashite kureru no You're always there by my side ready to blow away those clouds kimi ga kitto tonari ni
Saying anything like that to Elza-sama is baa!
Saying goodbye would just make me sad.
Saying goodbye would make me sad.
Saying that is baa!
Say it isn't true!
Say it with spirit: we love animals!
- Say— - Say...
Says the person who almost drowned when a sea cucumber scared her.
Say that again?!
Say whatever you want there.
Say what you may, but I will still refuse.
Say, why do you think birds fly?
Say, would you hear me out and not laugh?
Say, would you hear me out without laughing?
Say your prayers!
Say, Yume-chan.
Say, Yume-chan. Will you listen to what my dream is?
Scene 6. If you don't take more time, it'll lessen the impact of the vital lines.
School festival!
School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ School Festival Heating Up ♪ The school festival is over.
Schoolwide audition?
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock
- Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition - Schoolwide Audition Schoolwide Audition - "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy
Schoolwide Audition Schoolwide Audition Schoolwide Audition "The swotting girls formed a rock band and passed into a music university on their first try." That's no abbreviation!
Scream as I may, my voice dies in the blizzard.
Scream as I may, my voice is carried off into the blizzard.
Scream as I may, my voice vanishes into the blizzard.
- Sdnah ruoy nihtiw si dnegel eht - ni te no miki wa tsusende - Sdnah ruoy nihtiw si dnegel eht - ni te no miki wa tsusende - Uoy ylno fo elat eht gninnips - ritaganomo no keda miki - Uoy ylno fo elat eht gninnips - ritaganomo no keda miki
- Search for four enormous aligned stars inside the school.
Search for the splendid S.
Search for the Splendid S Search for the Splendid S Search for the Splendid S Camera rolling! In five!
Search for the Tundra Diva who turns all who look upon her to ice.
Search for your own answer!
Sebastian.
Sebastian, prepare a second steak for Kirara.
sebyoushi ni kizamu yume no taitoru wa The title of my dream engraved into the book's spine nani yori fusawashii kimi no namae Couldn't be anything other than your name sekai de hitotsu no monogatari ni tachiaeru kiseki It's a miracle we can bear witness to this one-in-the-world story peeji wo mekuru tabi ni
Second, one week of kitchen duty.
See?
See? Doesn't that motivate you to solve it?
See for yourself!
See for yourself.
See, Hime? The goddess of victory isn't so fickle after all.
Seeing everyone dance got me hyped way up!
Seeing everyone dance has gotten me hyped!
Seeing fireworks during winter will be quite intriguing.
Seeing her filled me with the desire to join S4 too and be able to shine like her.
Seeing her on stage made me realize again just how important having a good sense for dresses is.
Seeing her turn that accident right into a pose totally gets me going.
Seeing her walk unfalteringly toward her goals shook me to my very core!
Seeing Hime honestly encourages me to work even harder.
Seeing Hiyoko-chan work so hard inspires me to always do my best too!
Seeing Hiyoko-chan work so hard inspires me to do my best too!
Seeing how the results play out will be quite intriguing.
Seeing is believing.
Seeing it got Yume rather fired up.
Seeing that performance inspired me to try to get into S4 and shine just like her.
Seeing the both of you only makes that feeling stronger.
Seeing their growth brings me great joy.
Seeing them as classmates is so nice.
Seeing you on stage made me want to go and put myself out there in the world.
Seeing your hardworking figure will bring happiness to people.
Seeing your smile brought a smile to my face too.
Seeing you so happy makes me really happy too.
Seeing you two like this only makes that feeling stronger.
Seeing you work hard lit a fire under us.
See? Isn't it lovely?
See, I told you!
See it through to the end.
Seems bitter.
Seems fine to me. Backstage work is educational in its own way.
Seems like she came to find Hanazono Kirara's weakness to take the position of FuwaFuwa Dream's muse.
Seems like you've hit a rough patch.
Seems we'll need to stretch those bodies first.
See? That's why I said Yume-chan would be just fine!
See what?
See, what did I just tell you?
See who?
See ya!
See you!
See you.
See you after.
See you after, Yume-chan.
See you again!
- See you again one day.
See you again someday.
See you again, then!
See? You aren't dreaming.
See you at the singing audition in two days.
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi I knew Kirara-chan was the best!
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi Now, all five units have performed.
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Premium Rare Dress Debut Wow, Kirara-chan got star wings!
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi That's a wrap!
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi Under normal circumstances, runners in a marathon who touch someone else are disqualified.
See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi See you in my sleep issho ni oyasumi You have a strong worldview and the power to draw your audience into it.
See you later!
See you later.
See you later! Come back to the academy soon!
See you later, Elza-sama!
See you n...
See you next time!
See you next time.
See you next week!
See you, Nii-san.
See you then, Nijino Yume.
See you tomorrow.
See? Yume-chan, what are you in the mood for?
Seikai wa watashi ga kimeru no Don't stop once you get running!
Seikai wa watashi ga kimeru no Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide jiyuu na kokoro de are!
Seikai wa watashi ga kimeru no Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide Set your heart free! The right
sekai wa donna ni mo utsukushiku atarashii kana Bon Voyage!
Selection Selection Day 3 Beauty Class Day 3 Beauty Class Now, we're on the third day of the S4 Selection, with Beauty Class up.
- Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance Four Star Academy's biggest event, the S4 Selection, is under way.
Selection Selection Selection Day 1 Day 1 Day 1 Wind Dance Wind Dance Wind Dance It's time to announce Nikaidou Yuzu's score!
- Selection Selection Selection Day 1 Day 1 Day 1 Wind Dance Wind Dance Wind Dance - Tomorrow is Theater Class.
- Selection Selection Selection Day 2 Day 2 Day 2 Bird Theater Bird Theater Bird Theater - After that is Beauty Class. - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 3 - Day 3 - Day 3 - Moon Beauty - Moon Beauty - Moon Beauty - And finishing off the event will be Song Class.
Selection Selection Selection Day 2 Day 2 Day 2 Bird Theater Bird Theater Bird Theater Let us witness the top idol of Theater Class!
Selection Selection Selection Day 2 Day 2 Day 2 Bird Theater Bird Theater Bird Theater On the second day of the S4 Selection, we have Theater Class.
Selection Selection Selection Day 2 Day 2 Day 2 Bird Theater Bird Theater Bird Theater - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako
- Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 2 - Day 2 - Day 2 - Bird Theater - Bird Theater Bird Theater - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 3 - Day 3 - Day 3 - Moon Beauty - Moon Beauty Moon Beauty - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 4
Selection Selection Selection Day 3 Day 3 Day 3 Moon Beauty Moon Beauty Moon Beauty - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru
- Selection Selection Selection Day 3 Day 3 Day 3 Moon Beauty Moon Beauty Moon Beauty Let's welcome the first in our lineup!
Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song As Song Class wraps up our fourth day of the S4 Selection, the festivities will come to an end.
- Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song Every aspect of being an idol will be judged in this competition.
Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song How did Nijino Yume do?
Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song Papa couldn't get out of his overseas recital, but he wishes you the best.
Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily Shirogane Lily Shirogane Lily Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri Kazama Kaoru Kazama Kaoru
Selection Selection Selection Day 4 Day 4 Day 4 Flower Song Flower Song Flower Song Where does second-year Ashida Yuri place?
- Selection - Selection - Selection - Sister Battle!
Selection Selection Selection Sister Battle!
- Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection -
- Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1
Self-produce!
Self-produce...
Self-producing!
Self-producing for Christmas!
Self-producing, huh.
Self-production is my bread and butter!
- Sell Yume short and you'll regret it, so don't say I didn't warn you.
Send a cheer.
- Sending Shiratori Hime's Heart to You!
Sending Shiratori Hime's Heart to You!
Senpai!
Senpai.
Senpai? Is something the matter?
Senpai, I won't lose.
Senpai, thank you for holding out!
Senpai, the next time that opportunity comes...
Senpai, we're counting on you!
Senpai, when next we face off on stage...
Senpai, you're breathtaking.
Sensei!
Sensei, are Yume-senpai and Hime-senpai going to go to Venus Ark?
Sensei, is there a point to all this?
Sensei, is there a point to this?
Sensei, look at this!
Sensei, please train me!
Sensei said even that wasn't good enough.
Sensei, thanks for the advice!
Sensitivity, memory, athleticism, stamina, looks, figure, and the timbre and power of our voices.
Separate into groups of five for your patrol.
Separate the blue and cut through the wind sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte Fill your suitcase to the brim with all your dreams toranku ippai ni yume tsumekonda nara Fill your suitcase to the brim with all your dreams toranku ippai ni yume tsumekonda nara Set off to an untrodden future!
- Separate the blue line and cut through the wind - sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte - Separate the blue line and cut through the wind - sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte Come, let's find out just how beautiful and exotic the world is sekai wa donna ni mo utsukushiku atarashii kana
Serious?
Serious Aikatsu!
Seriously!
Seriously?
Seriously?!
Seriously...
Seriously Aikatsu!
Seriously, I can't see a single point to criticize.
Seriously, I never thought we'd all end up this close.
Seriously! She knows how to pull off some unbelievable performances out of nowhere!
Seriously, she's nailing every single pose with so much precision.
Seriously, this heat is deadly.
Seriously, what are you talking about?
Seriously, what are you thinking climbing a tree in those clothes?
Seriously, you had me entranced.
Set a course for undiscovered Aikatsu!
Set off to an untrodden future!
"Set off with a"...
Set sail!
Setting off is Felicitai-tai!!
Settle down.
Set your heart free! The right answer is up to us to decide jiyuu na kokoro de are!
Seven, eight!
Several of my dreams were fulfilled during my time in the middle school.
Severe storms are presently in the area, - but they should clear in no time.
Sew together a dress from the past and future Yume-chan and Koharu-chan, and also Mahiru-chan and Ako-chan's fans all came pouring in.
Shadow Star Thieves As forewarned, we have acquired the Princess Diamond.
Shadow Star Thieves Isn't that a Shadow Card?
Shake it up, Grandma! I won't lose to you!
Shakespeare once said, "Refrain tonight, and that shall lend a kind of easiness to the next abstinence, the next more easy." U-Um, trick or treat, please.
Shall I dispose of them as usual?
Shall I make a call to Rei-sama?
Shall I teach it to you?
Shall I teach you how?
Shall we begin our Song Class's show?
Shall we jump straight into your performance?
Shall we take a break?
Shall we take breakfast together?
Shall we take flight?
Shall we wait at a cafe?
Shall we wait at a café?
Shared joy is a double joy; shared sorrow is half sorrow.
Shared traits and names...
Share in the radiance.
Share in the Radiance Share in the Radiance Share in the Radiance This is bad... this is very bad.
Sharpen my singing!
She abandoned me and left.
She acts all high and mighty, but she's earnest when it comes down to it.
She added all sorts of instructions.
She added all sorts of reminders.
She also began by wearing only dresses that I produced.
She also began by wearing only the dresses I produced.
She also has an otherworldly curiosity.
She also said she'd retire as an idol...
She also sparked my desire to obtain the Sun Dress.
She also spent a period studying here at Venus Ark.
She always seems to be thinking up new dress designs, so I think it's right for her to be our rep.
She always used to collapse during the morning assembly.
She and Yume-chan have become wonderful rivals who continue to push each other.
She appeared before me in an instant.
She became a model at the insistence of those around her, and was surrounded by cheers and spotlights.
She brought lots of gifts.
She called it a meeting, but it's more like Elza-san is just ordering them around.
She called just before my performance.
She came to say her farewells.
She came up to me in an instant.
She can apply her fashion sense to a field as disparate as baking.
She can give him the impetus to win.
She cannot be caught with cheap tricks!
She can tell just from touching it?
She can't hear you.
She can turn predicaments into opportunities.
She certainly is.
She climbed up a tree while chasing a balloon, but now she can't get down.
She continues to exceed my wildest imaginations.
She converted Nijino and Sakuraba's fans in the blink of an eye.
She couldn't even do one a week ago!
She couldn't have...
She could've been a bit nicer about it.
She detected Lily-chan collapsing in an instant and slid in at the last second to cushion her fall!
She did?
She did...
She did it!
She did lose, but it was a performance she could be proud of.
She didn't come.
She didn't even use a stunt double for the action scenes!
She didn't even use a stuntwoman for the action scenes!
She didn't finish eating?!
She didn't finish her food?!
She didn't quite live up to the standards of her debut performance.
She didn't quite reach the level she did for her debut performance.
She didn't say anything before she left.
She did tell us how she wanted to surpass Yozora-senpai, but still.
She does have talent.
She does have this cute, fleeting look about her.
She does more than simply overcome any trouble.
She doesn't baby you and will hardly ever hand out compliments.
She doesn't shine simply for herself.
She doesn't simply overcome obstacles.
She doesn't simply shine for herself.
She embodied the sexy and elegant nature of the Romance Kiss brand and executed an entrancing walk and assort of poses.
She embodies the Aikatsu strength of mind!
Sheep!
She escaped outside!
She even got work the instant she walked back in the door!
She even has a lot of friends.
She feels sorry? What does that mean?
She fell from the path of an idol, and she was...
She fell off the path of an idol, and was also...
She flipped her switch on.
She forges a new path on her way to a higher stage.
She found him!
She found it immediately without any consideration of her surroundings.
She found it immediately without even the slightest consideration of her surroundings.
She gained her Star Premium Rare Coord at such a grand event.
She gave me the confidence to shine in my own way!
She gave up a big opportunity to make headway toward her dream,
She gets me going!
She glimmers all on her own.
She got a nice part on Aikatsu 25:00 TV as a first-year doing it.
She got the top score during the Theater Class sorting audition. Her name is Saotome Ako-san.
She had heard nothing but praise her entire life.
She had me on the edge of my seat.
She had no appetite this morning either.
She had no idea who this person was.
She had temporarily lost the ability to sing.
She had to leave before your show.
She has.
She has a good memory.
She has a radiance meant for illuminating the smiles of the boundless people surrounding her.
She has barred all visitors from her room.
She has barred all visitors to her room.
She has countless fans by now.
She has instincts and reflexes rivaling that of wild beasts.
She has made some time in her worldwide expedition to come.
- She has no time to hesitate!
She hasn't lost!
She has passed the mantle of Spice Chord to...
She has received special education from a young age, which has finely honed her skills.
She has such a big smile.
- She has such a wonderful cast of upperclassmen and friends watching over her.
She has such a wonderful group of upperclassmen and friends watching over her.
She has the potential to become a perfect idol.
She holds a huge lead as we close in on the Final Tournament.
She invited us all to come see their school festival!
She invited us all to go see their school festival!
She is.
She is correct!
She is Four Star's very own golden girl of dance!
She is known as Perfect Elza around the world.
She is known to be fickle.
She is my irreplaceable rival, and we push one another to greater heights through our Aikatsu.
She isn't foolish!
She is? That's not good.
She is the founder of the My Little Heart brand.
She is the greatest idol in the world.
She is the idol pirate who leaves no prey unplundered!
She is the original creator of the My Little Heart brand.
She is the summer sun, illuminating the earth and providing strength to all its living beings.
- She is the summer sun, illuminating the earth and providing strength to all its living things.
She joined the Song Class, right?
She jumped!
She jumped to fifth!
She just says everything without thinking.
She just says whatever comes to mind.
She lamented her powerlessness to change anything nani mo kaerareyashinai to naite bakari ita She lamented her powerlessness to change anything nani mo kaerareyashinai to naite bakari ita Bound by chains wrapped tightly around her heart tojikomerareteita no wa kokoro Bound by chains wrapped tightly around her heart tojikomerareteita no wa kokoro
She landed a job the instant she came back!
She left for a job early this morning.
She left for work early this morning.
She left to attend to some business.
She'll be back this evening.
She'll be fine! I wholeheartedly believe in Mahiru.
She'll be fine. Simply cool her head a bit...
She'll be given English as her language arts, and then German as her foreign language.
She'll be observing my work today.
She'll be teaching you the ropes of acting.
She'll understand in due time.
She looked fine with it to me.
She looked pretty exhausted after today's show too.
She looks at everything and desperately thinks about what she can make nokosareta mono de nani ga dekiru ka wo mitodokete ikanakucha She looks at everything and desperately thinks about what she can make nokosareta mono de nani ga dekiru ka wo mitodokete ikanakucha She looks at everything and desperately
She looks like a French doll.
She looks over my dress design sheets very thoroughly She tears it?! Isn't that awful?
She looks over my dress designs very thoroughly and tears up everything she disapproves of.
She looks ready to rock!
She lost to Hime at the S4 Selection.
She lost to Hime during the Selection.
"She makes me mad. I definitely won't lose to Elza." Isn't it intriguing?
She may be your sister, but she's also your primary rival in the S4 Selection.
She may be your sister, but she's also your strongest rival in the S4 Selection.
She may have given me that book on a whim, but without question, she saw what it is I could do.
She may not be saying anything, but Nikaidou must be feeling ever so lonesome!
She might be concentrating in the waiting room.
She might not have if not for all of your kindness.
She must be all aflutter getting ready about now.
She must be feeling the pressure trying not to be outdone by my glorious performance.
She must be feeling the pressure trying to match my glorious performance.
She must be good.
She must be nice and comfy by now!
She must be really fired up since it'll be her first time.
She must be vexed.
She must have a means of escape hidden somewhere!
She must have planned a hidden escape route!
She must love you so much she doesn't wanna let go.
She must not want us to see her crying.
She must still remember the prank you played on her the first time you met.
- She never, ever gives up!
She never stops doting on her little sister.
She never wavered and conquered them all using her own power.
She passed me the baton!
She passes in my book.
She passes Sakuraba Laura to claim the top!
She popped out of the floor!
She praised you through the roof!
She probably intended to give up on Aikatsu regardless of the outcome.
She really is fluffy and puffy.
She really scared me there.
She really worked to prepare for this.
She received specialized education from a young age, which has finely honed her skills.
She reminds me of how you were last year.
She reminds me of you last year, Yume.
She... retired?
She's...
She's about to hold its first debut show.
She's about to hold its very first debut show.
She's a cute little idol here to brighten your day.
She's a dancing monster!
She's a diamond in the rough, not quite ready yet.
She's a few years below us at our school.
She said it!
She said she's keeping it a secret until the day of.
She said she wanted to focus on training.
She said she was bringing along some charming friends.
She said she wasn't telling until the day of.
She said that I shouldn't rely on that strange power any more.
She said that I shouldn't rely on that strange power anymore.
She said that she wants to focus on training.
She said "You simply need to shine in a way that only you can." It appears to me that you have your answer already.
She's a legendary model nicknamed Shooting Star because of how quickly she flashed through the scene.
She's always been the first to encourage me, ever since we met.
She's always said she had a separate stomach for dessert.
She's always thinking up new dress designs, so I've got no objection to her being our rep.
She's amazing.
- She's a member of Four Star Academy's S4 and leads Beauty Class.
She's an admin like me, but she has a frail constitution.
- She's an admin like me, but she's has a frail constitution.
- She's an admin with me, but has a frail constitution.
She's an idol gaining recognition worldwide who's quickly rising though the Aikatsu Ranking.
She's an idol gaining recognition worldwide who's rapidly rising though the Aikatsu Ranking.
She's an irreplaceable rival, and we push one another to greater heights through our Aikatsu.
She's an open book.
- She's an S4 member who leads Four Star Academy's Beauty Class.
- She's arranged traditional wear from around the world in her own way, and even integrated the newest accessories. - Yozora's Arrangement Coords - Yozora's Arrangement Coords I've only come to fully appreciate it since entering Four Star Academy and starting my Aikatsu.
She's a shining star.
She's a shoo-in for the audition.
She's a show dancer, so I'd like a more daring and sexy feel.
She's a smart girl.
She's a star in my eyes.
She's a very special idol.
She says "It's almost time for my show with Yume-chan! I'm so excited!" Aria - Aria - It's almost time for my show with Yume-chan! I'm so excited!
She says they're looking for four-leaf clovers as a present to our senpai.
She's back!
She's back for the first time in half a year since her strong showing in the last S4 Selection.
She's back into it first thing in the morning.
She's been going nonstop since this morning.
She's been like that for a while now.
She's been walking her path with confidence.
She's behind you all the way.
She's beloved.
She's blessed to have you as a sister.
She's can be strict, but she'll reward you with kindness at the end.
She's cheered me on every step of the way, ever since we met.
She's coming now.
She's coming off quite the gap.
She's continuing her Aikatsu!
She's continuing to grow.
She's cool, through and through.
She's cute.
She's decided what to do next.
She's definitely acting strange.
She's definitely doing her Aikatsu somewhere out there.
She's developed a beauty that's beyond my reach.
She's developed her own beauty that's beyond my reach.
She's done a marvelous job walking her own path.
She's earned a spot in S4 for her second year in a row!
She's earned a spot in S4 for the second year in a row!
She seems like a funny girl.
She seems like an interesting girl.
She sent it in celebration of their new unit.
She's fast!
She's fast asleep.
She's fickle as expected.
She's finally back, half a year after her strong showing in the last S4 Selection.
She's Four Star Academy quality.
She's from Four Star Academy like me, so meet my friend...
She's from New Zealand, and quite the popular idol abroad.
She's frozen solid!
She's going to be holding a concert this time.
She's going to be participating in the same audition as us?
She's going to be stuck for a while.
She's gone.
She's gonna hold a special concert on release day too.
She's gonna win for sure!
She's good.
She's got a huge lead, and there's not much time until the Final Tournament.
She's got a ticket to the Tournament in the bag.
She's got passionate fans!
She's grabbed everyone's attention.
She's gradually progressing down the road of idolhood.
She's gradually progressing the road to an idol.
She's great!
She's great.
She's grown more than I anticipated.
She's hardworking, ambitious, and not satisfied simply by being on top.
She's having fun with it.
She's held a glorious reign as the songstress of Aikatsu.
She's here.
She's here, that Elza Forte.
She's holding a concert soon.
She's holding another event.
She should be arriving shortly.
She should be fine. She can just take a plane and meet Venus Ark at their next stop.
She showed us the greatest performance thus far!
- She simply dedicated her efforts to fulfilling that goal.
She simply dedicated her efforts wholeheartedly to that end.
- She simply embodied that concept wholeheartedly.
She simply radiates beauty.
She's improved to the point where she can respond to all the camerawoman's requests.
She's improves so much she's able to respond to every request the camerawoman has.
She's incomparably better!
She's incredible.
She's infused her own style into Spice Chord after inheriting it from Tsubasa Kisaragi.
She's in the Theater Class?
She's juggling with a street performer!
She's just like a hero of justice.
She's kind to everyone, and always has a smile on her face.
She's knocked Ashida Yuri off the top spot!
She's like a diamond in the rough, and without nearly enough polish.
She's like a real prince.
She's like a real supermodel.
She's like the total opposite of Four Star Academy.
She's lovely!
She smashes tiles when she gets angry.
She smiles more upon those who put in the effort.
She smiles upon those who put in the effort.
She's my buddy from Four Star Academy.
She's my emotional support!
She's my greatest partner, having danced upon so many stages with me.
She's my greatest partner, who danced upon so many stages with me.
She snatched my brand right out of my hands!
She's nearing the final point?
She's nearing the last stop?
She's never actually seen Yuzu-senpai study before.
She's never going to watch me ever again!
She's no longer just someone I admire...
She's no ordinary girl!
She's no ordinary idol.
She's not answering my texts either.
She's not half bad.
She's not half-bad.
She's not here.
She's not here either.
She's not on yet.
She's not watching me anymore.
She snuck up to me in an instant.
She's on land right now.
She's only grown more since then, Good technique isn't her only boon.
She's only grown since then, and has taken the concept of self-production to heart.
- She's only performed in other countries before this.
She's over there?
She spends this season recuperating at the plateau.
She's Perfect Elza.
She's probably already decided to...
She's pursuing a butterfly.
She's quickly made her way up the Aikatsu Ranking.
She's really feeling the pressure of being show dancer Z.
She's really fluffy and puffy!
She's really grown.
She's really here.
She's ridiculous...
She's right.
She's right, and it's not just S4.
She's right. Be more confident in yourself!
She's right. Honesty is always the best policy.
She's right, I feel great!
She's right, I'm only half-baked.
She's right, that's exactly it!
She's right. Your rhythm is similar to Hime-chan's.
She's saying thank you to me?
She's saying that she's not gonna lose.
She's scouting you.
She's sending the candy flying!
She's sending the candy flying away!
She's so admirable!
She's soared up the Aikatsu Ranking.
She's so cool!
She's so cute!
She's so fluffy and puffy!
She's so much more radiant than before!
She's so pretty!
She's so pretty. Who is that?
- She's so pure and innocent you just can't leave her alone, and is truly like a real live fairy.
She's so ridiculously unique that some may even call her a walking individuality!
She's started something weird again.
She's still there!
She's such a contrarian!
She started her Aikatsu before dawn.
She's tense... she's very tense.
She's thankful to me?
She's the best!
She's the best right-hand girl she could have!
She's the fairy I was just talking about.
She's the fastest rising star in her year.
She's the Headmaster's older sister.
She's the kind of girl who can't turn off when a camera is rolling.
She's the mascot of the brand Yozora-senpai is the top model of, Romance Kiss.
She's the object of my admiration too.
She's the Tundra Diva, Shirogane Lily-san!
She's the world's top idol, yet she's acting the same as always.
She stood fast and overcame each one by her own power.
- She stood there to protect Venus Ark.
She's totally unaware of her position.
She's totally unaware of her status.
She's truly perfect.
She's trying to pull herself back up.
She sure was, Tsuru-san!
- She's waiting on that tiny chance!
She's way more amazing than I expected.
She's well known worldwide, but this is her first time in Japan, so it's no wonder everyone's curious.
She's well-renowned worldwide, but this is her first time in Japan, so it's no wonder everyone's curious.
She's within arm's reach of her dream.
She's within striking range of making the Final Tournament!
- She's within touching distance of her dream.
She's your fan.
She's your number one supporter.
She tears them up?! Isn't that awful?
She then began training to find direction and passion.
She told us she had something to talk about.
She took her leave a moment ago.
She took it!
She took the words right out of my mouth.
She took this seriously. I could tell from singing with her.
She turned down a big opportunity to make headway toward her dream, instead opting to perform for her fans.
She turns into a human and works to become an idol on the surface.
She used to be my friend.
She wakes up this early every single morning to train.
She wants to invite me?
She wants to observe your work?
She wants to start her own brand, just like Hime-senpai.
She wants us to share part of our culture from Japan.
She was able to remix the Spice Chord she inherited from Tsubasa Kisaragi into her own melody.
She was also the first idol in history to found her own brand.
She was a model who influenced the Paris Collection.
She was as amazing as ever.
- She was blessed by the wonderful upperclassmen and friends watching over her.
She was born into an affluent household.
She was extremely shocked.
She was gone before we knew it.
She was incredibly beautiful and graceful, as befitting a former top idol.
She was invited as a guest for The Best Music Show's special.
She was invited as a guest to The Best Music Show's special.
She was known as a legendary idol.
She was like a fairy straight out of a fairy tale.
She was looking forward to showing you all how much she's grown.
She wasn't listening...
She wasn't quite in the mood.
She wasn't simply amazing.
She wasn't there?
She wasn't this way.
She was one of the earliest S4 members, and a top idol who brought Song Class to its current level.
She was really excited about wanting to put on a good show for you.
She was right. Your rhythm is similar to Hime-chan's.
She was serious. I could tell from singing with her.
She was shocked.
She was so cool my head exploded!
She was so terrified of it.
She was terrified of it.
She was the first person to really see me.
She was the sparkliest of them all!
She was the top idol of her era, and everyone recognized her outstanding abilities.
- She was totally different from usual.
She was totally different than usual.
She was truly wonderful.
She was unbelievable on stage, though.
She was using us this whole time.
She was very concerned for you.
She was with us just a moment ago.
She was your pet?
She watched the whole S4 Selection.
She who controls the dresses controls Aikatsu.
She will.
She will be debuting a new Premium Rare Dress very soon.
She will be facing Nijino Yume-san of Four Star Academy's S4, who has been improving remarkably quickly!
She will definitely jump!
She will definitely return!
She will enhance the brand with her own touch, but its core values will remain unaltered.
She won the new student fashion show Grand Prix.
She would have spells where she lost the ability to sing.
She wouldn't!
She wouldn't leave your bedside up until the moment she had to go.
Shh, be quiet!
Shine!
Shine by doing things my own way...
Shine by doing things my way...
Shine for you.
Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord
Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Our senpai's Shine Stars Coords and
Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord Shine Stars Coord When Yozora-senpai and the others
- Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo - Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo Harasho!
- Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo - Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo Star wings!
Shine with everyone.
Shine with Everyone!
Shine with everyone. That's Rainbow Berry Parfait's real concept.
Shining Career Experiences!
Shining with a sensitive vibrato, Yuuki Subaru!
Shinjou Hinaki.
Shiny Academy's Naruse Ayumi.
shiranai kimochi wo kureru Behind every page I turn lies a feeling I've never known zutto oikaketai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Pick Up Coord Pick Up Coord Green Shadow Coord Green Shadow Coord Yuzu, this week begins a new segment.
Shiratori...
Shiratori Hime!
Shiratori Hime.
Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime
- Shiratori Hime can turn it into a positive that brings a shine to everything she touches.
SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH Hime! Hime! Hime! Hime!
SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH SHIRATORI HIME HOME STRETCH
Shiratori Hime It's Hime-senpai's...
Shiratori Hime I was watching, Hime-senpai.
Shiratori Hime once ran 42.195 kilometers while donning it.
Shiratori Hime, ready to go!
- Shiratori Hime Regular Live - You're invited to the wonderful stage only Shiratori Hime can perform!
Shiratori Hime Regular Live You're invited to the wonderful stage only Shiratori Hime can perform!
- Shiratori Hime Sakuraba Laura Dance Beauty Kasumi Mahiru Sakuraba Laura Dance Beauty Kasumi Mahiru Sakuraba Laura - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka Kasumi Yozora Kisaragi Tsubasa Saotome Ako Shiratori Hime - Sakuraba Laura - Beauty - Theater - Song - Nikaidou Yuzu - Haruka☆Luka
- Shiratori Hime's announcement: My Little Heart changes muses! The idol Shiratori Hime has announced that she will be replaced as the muse of her own brand, My Little Heart. She will be revealing her successor shortly in a press conference held in the city, and all eyes both inside and outside the industry are on her.
Shiratori Hime, seen here kindly consoling a younger a less experienced idol.
Shiratori Hime, seen here kindly consoling a younger, less experienced idol.
Shiratori Hime-senpai of our high school and Nijino Yume of S4 are both under pursuit.
- Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Nijino Yume That person is...
- Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - New Song - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime -
- Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Ashida Yuri - Ashida Yuri - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime
Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Shiratori Hime - Best Album On Sale - Best Album On Sale - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume
Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime Shiratori Hime This concludes the final day of the S4 Selection.
Shiratori Hime This is your dressing room? It's huge!
Shiratori Hime turns them into a positive that brings a shine to any situation.
- Shiratori Hime turns them into a positive that brings a shine to the situation.
Shiratori Hime Yes, come in.
Shiratori-san, thank you for your work today.
Shiratori was unexpectedly called to perform for Merlion Carey's Japan concert.
Shiratori was unexpectedly called to perform in Merlion Carey's Japan show.
Shiritori!
Shirogane Lily!
Shirogane Lily.
- Shirogane Lily Autograph Session It's a proverb!
Shirogane Lily Autograph Session Monthly Lily is now on sale!
Shirogane Lily-chan!
Shirogane Lily has completed.
Shirogane Lily has rushed here to provide her services to the drama!
- Shirogane Lily Lily-senpai!
Shirogane Lily maintains her hold on the top spot.
Shirogane Lily of Four Star Academy!
- Shirogane Lily, pouring my entire soul into this single moment!
- Shirogane Lily, pouring my soul into the moment!
Shirogane Lily, pouring my soul into this moment!
Shirogane Lily, prepared to go.
Shirogane Lily, ready to release my full power!
- Shirogane Lily Revival Concert - Shirogane Lily Revival Concert This is amazing. I can't believe so many people gathered with just a day's notice.
Shirogane Lily-san.
Shirogane Lily-san, the stage is yours!
Shirogane Lily Shirogane Lily Ashida Yuri Ashida Yuri Kazama Kaoru Kazama Kaoru Maikawa Marina Maikawa Marina Sakuraba Laura Sakuraba Laura What a surprise! She beat out the second-year admins!
Shirogane Lily Shirogane Lily - Messages to encourage you every month!
- Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily
- Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily - Shirogane Lily
Shirogane Lily's revival concert!
Shoe design Ankle accessory Tiara Back like this She's even more incredible than I thought.
Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales Little Fairy Tales
Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei Shoei
Shoot!
Shooting Star is coming here?
Shooting Star is coming out of hiatus?
Shooting Star? You mean that model who disappeared from the scene in a flash like a meteor?
Shooting Star? You mean the model who disappeared from the scene in a flash like her namesake?
- Shooting straight for an uncharted future Mada minu mirai e icchokusen Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen - One, two, three, and Aikatsu! - 1 2 3 de aikatsu!
Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations Just a bit more before we reach the autumn constellations aki no seiza made tadoritsuku mae ni motto
Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky kirari yozora tobasu namida kirari yozora tobasu namida
Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across
Shoot! Shoot!
Shoot. Shoot, shoot...
Shoot. Shoot. Shoot...
Shoplifting is a crime Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru-kyun!
Shoulder the pride of Four Star Academy and do your best!
Should I call this your home?
Should I do it?
Should I make a list of all the songs you've done so far?
Should I've gone more all out?
Shouldn't her older sister be with her, giving her advice?
Shouldn't we have booked a studio?
Shouldn't we have borrowed a studio?
Shouldn't you just do what you like?
Shouldn't you of all people understand how she feels, Tsubasa?
Should we decorate it?
Should we make a poster showing off several of our dresses?
Should we open it?
Should we practice the ocean scene?
Should we start by building the dressing room set?
Should we start from our segment and try to buy time?
Should we start with our segment and try to buy time?
Should we update the program and give it a run?
Should we use makeup to look exhausted from studying?
Should we use makeup to look overworked from studying?
Should you ever stumble and lose your way as an idol, please seek out S4.
Should you really be here with us?
Shout!
Shouting and projecting are completely different.
Shove it down your throat!
Show dancer?
Show dancer backstage plan.
Show dancer Z?
show I can for Koharu-chan.
Showing the first-years how amazing it's possible to be in the same dresses they wear should be a real inspiration.
Showing the first-years how amazing you can be in the same dresses they wear should have a real impact.
Show me?
Show me a dress you think worthy for the audition.
Show me all Song Class has to offer.
Show me how serious you can be A Day in the World of Elza Forte A Day in the World of Elza Forte A Day in the World of Elza Forte Good morning!
Show me how serious you can be Expand the Aikatsu Ring!
Show me how serious you can be Fluffy Puffy ☆ Friends Fluffy Puffy ☆ Friends Fluffy Puffy ☆ Friends Bye-bye!
Show me how serious you can be Goodbye, Koharu-chan?!
Show me how serious you can be honki no kimi wo matteru honki no kimi wo matteru Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world miru mono subete ga sekai wo kaeteiku miru mono subete ga sekai wo kaeteiku Each falling tear can serve
Show me how serious you can be Hop♪ On the Venus Wave Hop♪ On the Venus Wave Hop♪ On the Venus Wave Hey, Koharu.
Show me how serious you can be Idol Under Pursuit?!
Show me how serious you can be Kasumi Family Day Off Kasumi Family Day Off Kasumi Family Day Off Right, I'm not in my dorm...
Show me how serious you can be Kirakira ☆ Strolling Weather Kirakira ☆ Strolling Weather Kirakira ☆ Strolling Weather Where should we start?
Show me how serious you can be Kirara ☆ The Fluffy Idol Kirara ☆ The Fluffy Idol Kirara ☆ The Fluffy Idol I trust that you understand your role during the upcoming debut show.
Show me how serious you can be Kya! The Warning ☆ Kya! The Warning ☆ Kya! The Warning ☆ That's the spirit, Mahiru-chan.
Show me how serious you can be Let's G☆ to Venus Ark!
Show me how serious you can be Miracle Audition!!
Show me how serious you can be Open Sesame! Obtain the Star Wings!
Show me how serious you can be Perfect Idol Elza Perfect Idol Elza Perfect Idol Elza - It's Our Job To Shine.
Show me how serious you can be Rainbow Dress Rainbow Dress Rainbow Dress Did Koharu-chan give you that candy?
Show me how serious you can be Send a Cheer Send a Cheer Send a Cheer The idols each compete through their fashion sense by demonstrating their brand's charms to the fullest.
Show me how serious you can be Shine for You Shine for You Shine for You Okay, got it!
Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Laura-chan!
Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Safe travels Laura!!
Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be miru mono subete ga sekai wo kaeteiku Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world
Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be
Show me how serious you can be Summer! The Pool! It's a Treasure Hunt!
Show me how serious you can be The Feeling of Love!
Show me how serious you can be The Hot Wind From The Tundra The Hot Wind From The Tundra The Hot Wind From The Tundra I saw your program.
Show me how serious you can be The Two's First Star ☆ The Two's First Star ☆ The Two's First Star ☆ It's been so long since we've come out here together.
Show me how serious you can be Venus Ark's Scary Rumor!
Show me how serious you can be Wish Upon a Star Wish Upon a Star Wish Upon a Star Hey everyone!
Show me how serious you can be With a Going My Way ♪ With a Going My Way ♪ With a Going My Way ♪ - Kisaragi Tsubasa Press Conference - Kisaragi Tsubasa Press Conference - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 I, Kisaragi Tsubasa, will be leaving Four Star Academy to study abroad
Show me the exemplar of your work!
Show me the full strength of Song Class.
Show me the power of S4's Kasumi Yozora.
Show me the ultimate expression of yourself!
Show me what you can do on stage.
Show me what you've got.
Show off your fashion with the charms!
Show off your style with the charms!
- Show Recording Ako Nyan-Nyan - Lesson with Kirara @Four Star Academy Article Interview Script Readthrough We have one week until the Unit Cup finals.
Show us your best performance in your best dress.
Show your appeal?
Show yourself already, Tundra Diva!
Sh-She doesn't mean any bad.
Sh-She doesn't mean any hard.
Sh-She doesn't mean any harm.
Sh-She's fast!
Sh-She's overpowering!
Sh—Sh-Sh-She won!
Shu shu shu fure fure shisutaa hapi hapi panchi!
Shut it!
Shut up!
Shuwa shuwa shite kuru kuru shitara hello sister say!
Sight, hearing, smell, touch, and taste.
Silence your breathing during recording so that they don't pick up any sounds.
Similar?
Simple is the best!
Simple is the Best!
Simple is the Best.
Simple is the best, you know.
Simply, I'm looking for an idol who can create miracles.
Simply lovely.
Simply put, I want to be an idol there can be only one of!
Simply put, I want to be an idol there's can be only one of in the world!
Simply try...
Since Elza-san came, I've been motivated in more ways than one.
Since everyone is an enemy, wouldn't that mean no friends?
Since I saw how hard you were working.
Since it's Halloween and all, can we get in on the pic too?
Since Laura-chan got first on the aptitude test, it would only make sense to ask second place.
Since most of you first-years don't know her, let me introduce her.
Sincere...
Since the day I began school, I've often found myself in here.
Since the first day you started here, you've cried, laughed, and experienced many more things than anyone else.
Since then, I've never seen Hoo-chan again.
Since then, she decided to find happiness in helping Elza shine.
Since then, she would come by my window every night.
Since then, she would fly beside my window every night.
Since there are no right answers in acting, you'll never run out of worries.
Since there are no right answers to acting, you'll never run out of worries.
Since the very beginning, I've said that I wanted us to be muses together.
Since they're looking for individuality, everybody will be pushing how unique they are.
Since Tsubasa-senpai is a third-year who'll be graduating, Ako-chan in second place will take the S4 spot.
- Since Tsubasa-senpai is a third-year who'll be graduating, second-place Ako-chan will take the S4 spot.
Since we arrived in Japan, the idols of Four Star Academy have proven to be a good catalyst.
Since we arrived in Japan, the idols of Four Star Academy have pushed us forward.
Since we have some free time, why don't we rest in the dressing room?
Since we have the time and opportunity, why don't each of you draw up an illustration for your designs?
Since we're all here...
Since we were already here, we decided to go have some fun in the ocean.
Since we were kids, my fair skinned and dazzling Lilienne I haven't felt that was about a performance in a long time.
Since we were kids, my fair-skinned dazzling Lilienne has always been my sun!
Since you're already here, stay and watch our show!
Since you're already here, would you like to go inside?
Since you're already here, would you like to stop by?
Since your first day, you've cried, smiled, and experienced many more things than anyone else.
Since you three came on an exchange here...
Since you weren't in your room, I knew I'd find you here.
Sing by your own power.
Sing from your stomach.
Sing using your own power.
Sinking you to the bottom of the sea isn't out of the question.
- Sister Battle!
Sister Battle!
Sit still and relax.
Sit tight a minute.
Sitting right in the open!
Six so far.
Sixth!
Skirt!!
- Skit - Pair dance - Street performance - A gag!!
Sky-Girl!
Sky-Girl's far and away the favorite to win Fall Fest.
Sky-Girl's the by and far favorite to win Fall Fest.
Sky-Girl will defeat Elza Forte at long last!
Sleeping lion?
Slide over, I'll help out.
Slow down, you're gonna fall flat on your face.
Slowly but surely, sir.
Smells nice!
Smile...
Snacks after a hard day's Aikatsu are the best!
Snap a shot of the greatest happy smile!
Snow?
Snow...
So...
So about our song, I was thinking we should do a duet of your most recent one.
So, about that design we were talking about...
So advertising will be key.
So a fun song...
So all I've got left now are drinks.
So all the girls here are our competitors.
So am I.
So am I that you let FuwaFuwa Dream lose.
So anyway, I'm gonna head on back to Los Angeles.
So anyways, every fall we pick a New Princess from Song Class and make her a debut CD to put on sale.
So anyways, we search for a new princess each year from Song Class, and put her debut CD on sale each fall.
So anyway, there's something I'd like your help with.
So anyway, what's Jewel Ice Cream?
So are we.
So, are you tired?
Soaring Girlfriend!
Soaring Girlfriend ♪ Soaring Girlfriend ♪ Soaring Girlfriend ♪ We're set to use these today.
So as her friend and rival, I want to support her in every way I can.
So as this is the very first episode of the show, I'd like to have S4 follow through on our Four Star motto, "make good on your word" with words themselves!
So as you can see, this year's Halloween Princess is none other than Nanakura Koharu!
So awesome!
So back to this year, the Tundra Diva it's talking about is a second-year in Song Class, Shirogane Lily.
So basically...
So basically, you're doing nothing and hoping for the best.
So beautiful!
So boiled octo—I mean, Nijino...
So boring...
So bright, everyone will have to shield their eyes.
So brightly we'll never lose, right?
So can we? Consider it my request too.
- So cool...!! - Samba - Kirara-chan - fluffy puffy - Makes you want to dance - Dance for the gods - Hula Dance I ran out of space.
So cute!
So cute.
So cute! It's very cute.
So did I.
So did I. You left me speechless when you sang for the flowers.
So, did you need something?
So did you really need to double-fist those?
So does it look like you'll be able to make it back in time for the show?
So do you.
So, do you have an understanding of the story?
So, Elza-sama...
So even this isn't enough.
So everyone else up here is also participating.
So every time she does, you know it's honest and sincere.
So far on Aikatsu Stars!
So fast!
So fluffy!
So fluffy and puffy!
So get ready to get it on!
So give it your all and don't get complacent!
So good!
So, guess what? I've decided to return to Four Star Academy!
So have I!
So have I, actually!
So here it is, hamburg curry ice!
- So, hey— - So, hey...
So hey, what about us?
So hey, what're you gonna do after graduation, Lilienne?
So hey, what's this "off" thing?
So, how are thing?
So, how are things?
So how did you do it?
So how many have you found?
So, how's your design coming?
So I...
- So I'd like to say, but it's not so simple.
So? I expect that you have a design ready given that you plan to start a new brand.
So I figured Elza-san must be up and at her Aikatsu before anyone else.
So I knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock watashi de sae shiranai I want to meet the me that watashi de sae shiranai I want to meet the me that watashi de sae shiranai I want to meet the me that watashi de sae shiranai
So I knock, knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock, knock dakara knock knock knock knock So I knock, knock, knock, knock mune ni dakishimeteru Planted within my breast mune ni dakishimeteru Planted within my breast
So I'm completely lost on what I want out of S4.
So I'm going.
So I'm going to focus on my Aikatsu until then.
So I'm going to prioritize my Aikatsu until then.
So I'm going to sit this one out.
So I'm making crepes, and Yuzu-senpai is doing... cotton candy art?
So I'm making crêpes, and Yuzu-senpai is doing... cotton candy art?
So in his stead, I'll play you some sick riffs on my guitar!
So, in other words, the stage direction, production, stage sets, props, costumes, lighting, and sound...
So it appears.
So it really is closing down.
So it's a fixed match?
So it's a popularity contest?
So it seems, doesn't it?
So it's like a popularity contest?
So it's like I'm at the South Pole!
So it's not... curry rice...
So it's not fun, huh.
So it's work all the way through Christmas.
So it was.
So it was a dream.
So it was true?
So, I've got a request right away. Could you come with me to ask one more pair to join?
So, I've got my first request. Could you come with me to ask one more pair to join?
So, I was thinking about making your debut CD a mini-album.
So just raise your head, puff your chest out, and act confidently.
So just to go over our booths again, Yume's doing "variety takoyaki"?
So just why is it that you can continue doing things like this?
soko kara utaeba tooku made hibiku Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will resound to the farthest reaches Singing from up there will
- sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out
Soleil Rising!
Soleil triumphs in the idol uninhabited island contest!
Soleil versus Tristar!
So let's go together The future is hidden Wish to the moonlight Head towards the light Gather here where the music never stops flowing!
- So let's go together - tomo ni yukou The future is hidden mirai wa toumei The future is hidden mirai wa toumei So wish to the moonlight negau yo muunraito So wish to the moonlight negau yo muunraito Head towards the light hikari sasu hou e Head towards the light
So Lilienne's gonna come?
solitude will never stop me semattekuru kodoku nanka ja tomerarenai wa Everybody hear me now!
solitude will never stop me semattekuru kodoku nanka ja tomerarenai wa The mercilessly encroaching solitude will never stop me semattekuru kodoku nanka ja tomerarenai wa Everybody hear me now!
Solo debuts? Then that means...
Solo Live!!
Solo lives require lots of stamina!
So long as I rest soundly tonight, my fever will be gone by tomorrow.
So long as our muse puts her heart into the design and concept, we can turn it into a wonderful dress.
So long as there is even a single person waiting, I will go.
So long as you don't cause the staff any trouble and be sure to have good manners.
So long as you harbor passionate emotions...
So long as you have a dream...
So long as you have people supporting you, then you'll be able to believe in yourself.
So long as your heart is strong, you'll be able to surmount any difficulties you may face.
So long as your heart is strong, you'll be able to surmount any difficulties you may face I expect that you have a reason behind this.
Solo training? Now, aren't you dedicated.
Solo training? Well aren't you dedicated.
So many different things have been happening that I can't contain my excitement!
So many things happen so many things happen I am the Prince of the Kingdom of M4.
So mature!
Somber looks are no good.
Somebody's keeping pace with me.
someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world Everything within sight can someday change the world
Some day, I hope the three of us can...
Some have the latent gift of song.
Somehow, I think I understand what you're going through.
- Some kind of appropriate ad-lib different than how you usually are - _____ _____ As a fellow student of Four Star Academy, you must be aware that our motto is "make good on your word".
Some may even call her the Perfect Mother of Aikatsu itself.
Some may say one is just an idol.
Some of the first-years such as Nijino-san suggested we look outside Dance Class, and went to ask Lily.
Some of the hidden S's are actually misses.
Some of the hidden S's have "miss" written on them.
Someone'll pass you if you don't get serious!
Someone may show up today.
Someone really is always watching.
Someone's a lazybones.
Someone suddenly got sick the day of the main event, but then you managed to play both your role and theirs!
- Someone unfamiliar with the modeling industry wouldn't have been able to give such professional advice.
Someone was always lending their support.
Someone who has abandoned us today has no right to participate.
Someone who has voluntarily withdrawn from today has no right to participate.
Some people expected it to come down to Yume-chan and Kirara-chan, but Laura ended up on top.
Some people expected it to come down to Yume-chan Kirara-chan, but Laura ended up on top.
Something forgotten?
Something happen?
Something I'm into? Well...
Something important?
Something isn't right.
Something is strange!
Something like this happened to us before.
Something mature... and not just subdued, but feminine as well.
Something might be inside!
Something momentous that will change my fate.
Something momentous that will change my very fate.
Something's definitely up.
Something simple and safe would be an omelette or curry.
Something's not right...
Something strange has been happening to me for a while.
Something tells me that would make it too hot to even wear.
Something tells me that would make it too hot to wear.
Something to show me?
Something to tell me?
Something we'll love?
Something wrong?
Something you forgot?
Sometimes going off the rails is right!
Sometimes I get so worked up that I forget to enjoy doing Aikatsu.
Sometimes it happens.
Sometimes that just happens.
Sometimes the intellectual look is your best bet.
Sometimes we do.
Sometimes we still come here to buy them.
Somewhere!
Somewhere around there.
Somewhere you go when you're tired of searching...
So, mind telling us why we were summoned?
So much has happened in this past year.
So much so that sometimes I feel you're forever out of my reach.
So much that I could almost hear it saying she wouldn't ever let anyone near.
So my stamina and loudness are top-notch.
So my stamina and loudness is top-notch.
So next time...
song and sing out loud takusan no kagayaku egao ni Say Hello!
Song Class!
Song Class!!
Song Class admin, Ashida Yuri.
Song Class has singing.
Song Class is about to go on.
Song Class is amazing too! Laura-chan even went and beat Lily-chan.
Song Class is predicted to be a warzone.
Song Class is projected to be a warzone.
Song Class is up first.
Song Class m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 It was a little last-minute.
Song Class, Njjino Yume!
Song Class's got a lesson before our next class.
Song Class's Hime-senpai has solo concerts at the five big cities.
Song Class, Shiratori Hime.
- Song Class - Theater Class Dance Class - Beauty Class - Trainees The Flower Song Class, Bird Theater Class, Theater Class Wind Dance Class, and Moon Beauty Class.
Song Class We can do this!
Song Gummy, Theater Gummy, Beauty Gummy, and Dance Gummy.
Songs?
Song Song Theater Theater Dance Dance Beauty Beauty Academy Executive Committee Academy Executive Committee m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Song - Song - Theater - Theater - Dance - Dance - Beauty - Beauty - Academy Executive Committee - Academy Executive Committee - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - M 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100
- Song - Song - Theater - Theater - Dance - Dance - Beauty - Beauty - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results No way! Haruka's excitement is down, down!
Song Song Theater Theater Dance Dance Beauty Beauty Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results - Song - Song - Theater - Theater - Dance - Dance - Beauty - Beauty - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results
- Song - Song - Theater - Theater - Dance - Dance - Beauty - Beauty - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results - Summer Fest Final Results With this, Song Class has won Summer Fest.
- Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song A song!
- Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden - Song - Street performance - Piping hot oden
- Song Title Won't you test that possibility with me?
So, Nikaidou. Have you decided on your path?
So, Nikaidou. Have you decided what to do?
sono basho e tondeiuku koto wa dekinai May this song at least resound to the farthest reaches!
So not even a single ticket has been sold.
So now I'm completely lost on what I want out of S4.
So now that you know, be ready for the audition in three days.
So now you know.
So only Nijino Yume-chan and Sakuraba Laura-chan are left.
So people, if you don't get hyped up...
So peoples, if you don't get hyped up...
So please...
So prepare yourself I'll make you feel on edge Police have the front gate on lockdown.
So pretty!
- So pure and innocent you just can't leave her alone, and she's like a real live fairy.
So pure and innocent you just can't leave her alone, she's like a real live fairy.
Sore da!
So Rei-san was a model.
So rich!
Sorry!
Sorry.
Sorry...
Sorry about earlier.
Sorry about that.
Sorry about the trouble I caused.
Sorry. A lot's on my mind.
Sorry, am I interrupting?
Sorry, are we bothering you?
Sorry, baby! Bring her to the infirmary ASAP! Let's go!
Sorry, but have you seen my Aikatsu Mobile...
Sorry, but I can't. I have no intention of leaving Four Star Academy.
Sorry, but I'm in a hurry!
Sorry, but I really can't go with you!
Sorry, but the decision's been made.
Sorry, but we have a request.
Sorry, but would you mind making something for Miranda as well?
Sorry, Class Rep.
Sorry for all the trouble!
Sorry for barging in before your song.
Sorry for barging in right before you go on.
Sorry for being late!
Sorry for calling you out of the blue.
Sorry for dropping in on you.
Sorry for making you feel so awkward.
Sorry for making you help out.
Sorry for making you tag along.
Sorry for making you treat us to lunch.
Sorry for making you worry.
Sorry for ranting.
Sorry for saying I thought I had miscalculated.
Sorry for saying that stuff about my ears deceiving me.
Sorry for scaring you.
Sorry for startling you.
Sorry for taking so much of your time every day when you're busy with your own things.
Sorry for the delay. The new equipment just arrived.
Sorry. I apologize on her behalf.
Sorry I can't help you, but I'm overloaded with design work right now.
Sorry, I can't. I have no intention of leaving Four Star Academy.
Sorry, I couldn't find the right time.
Sorry, I don't have much of an appetite.
Sorry, I don't really understand.
Sorry, I'd planned to practice on my own during the break.
Sorry. I drew your face on it, but it got all messed up.
Sorry I had to ask you to set this up.
Sorry, I just couldn't take it.
Sorry, I lost track of time doing Aikatsu.
Sorry, I lost track of time during my Aikatsu.
Sorry, I'm going to head back for the night.
Sorry! I'm in a hurry, so get back to me later!
Sorry I'm late!
Sorry I'm late.
Sorry I'm running late.
Sorry, I shouldn't have screamed like that.
Sorry, I think I'm going to head back for tonight.
Sorry, it just slipped out.
Sorry, it looks like there was an accident up ahead.
Sorry, it's just a small cough.
Sorry. It's just that hearing your voice made me start to tear up.
Sorry it took so long for me to tell you.
Sorry! I've just been going on about myself.
Sorry, I was exhausted.
Sorry, I was just so touched.
Sorry, Koharu. Come on, let's go.
Sorry, Laura.
Sorry, Laura, but I'm not in the mood today.
Sorry, okay? I just wasn't expecting to find Kasumi Mahiru feeling lonely.
Sorry, sorry!
Sorry, sorry.
Sorry, sorry! I just remembered what happened the last time.
Sorry, there's no time to explain!
Sorry! There's something I want to look up, so maybe next time!
Sorry to bother you when you're so busy.
Sorry to disturb you.
Sorry to do this so early in the morning.
Sorry to intrude.
Sorry we had to patch it up like this.
Sorry, we know how busy you are with the Music Show.
Sorry we ran late.
Sorry, we're going to be working on set that day.
- Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're
- Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out - Sorry, we're - sold out Then I'll accept.
Sorry, you go on ahead. I'll go find it.
Sorry you had to see that.
Sorry, Yume-chan.
"Sorry, Yume. Pulling off that amazing show got me too hyped up!
So Sakuraba Laura has made it over her wall.
So Sakuraba Laura overcame her wall.
So scary...
So she does.
So she'll be co-starring with us.
So she'll be going on with us.
So she said.
So she's here too.
So she wrote!
So sleepy...
So sour!
So starting today, you're my rival!
So sweet!
- so sweet step Wearing white oh so white cuffs of blinding light masshiro masshiro na hikari no suso wo Held together by butterflies running through a grove chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Lets spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette
- so sweet step Wearing white, oh so white cuffs of blinding light masshiro masshiro na hikari no suso wo Held together by butterflies running through a grove chouchou musubi shinagara kodachi wo nukeru wa Let's spin and dance under a flower tiara mawarou hana no tiara de odorimashou Do as we wish and pirouette
So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou Start Line!
So tell me, why exactly are we hiding?
So tell us about you, Koharu.
So that I'll be able to one day share the stage with you all again, I'll do the best Aikatsu I can!
So that no circumstance could sway me, and I could perform to the best of my ability with skill alone.
So that's called a Star Premium Rare Coord?
So that's Elza-san's mom. She's pretty.
So that's how.
So that's how Four Star does things.
So that's how your day went.
So that's it.
So that's what happened.
So that's what happened...
So that's what happened afterwards.
So that's where you met.
So that's why.
So that's why...
So that's why you came with Hime-chan.
So that was it.
So that you could see my pure brilliance as clearly as possible.
So that you don't tread the same fate, and reach the same sorrowful conclusion as Hotaru-senpai.
So the audition is fixed?
So the foundation of an idol is her stamina, huh?
So then?
So then...
So the one to obtain the Pluto wings is you, Lily Shirogane.
So there are auditions like this too.
So there really is a ghost!
So there's only one thing we need to do.
So there's only one thing we should do.
So the reunion with your sister finally aroused you.
- So the reunion with your sister is what excites you.
So the sheep from New Zealand really was her!
So the strawberry represents the berry part, and the parfait represents the parfait part?
So the treasure was Hime-senpai...
So they answer your prayers?
So they're headhunting us?
So they're the top boy idols.
So this is Aikatsu Power.
So this is Aikatsu too.
So this is a studyholic?
So this is a swot?
So this is going to be your new brand!
So this is grassroots Aikatsu.
So this is Hime-senpai's Song Class!
So this is S4...
So this is the Aikatsu Budokan stage!
So this is the first sister competition Four Star Academy's ever seen.
So this is the first sister face-off Four Star Academy's ever seen.
So this is the last chance we'll get to let our feelings be known.
So this is the legendary S4 tea party, the Gathering of Stars!
So this is the lesson room.
So this is the talent behind the Tundra Diva.
So this is the Theater Class.
So this is the Tundra Diva...
So this is what the Aikatsu Budokan's stage is like!
So this is where you live.
So this is where you wanted to go...
So this is your very own Spice Chord!
So this time, I'm trying to Aikatsu many times harder than Yume to improve myself.
So this time, I won't lose!
So those are your true feelings, Lily-senpai.
So, those would be...
So tired...
So to make you all as happy as can be...
So Tomato—I mean, Nijino...
So tomorrow's the Unit Cup.
So to wrap this up, could you do the finishing touches?
So, Tsubasa-senpai, what did you want to talk about?
sou da shoubu wa uso tsukanai My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu Rei-san, you have my heartfelt gratitude
sou da shoubu wa uso tsukanai My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru My flowing shirt fills me with elation fuwari shatsu no mune ga takanaru It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu It's a barefoot Renaissance hadashi no runesansu Yume!
sou, kokoro ga hitori de ni hashiridasu yo Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own
So, um...
So um, are you okay?
Sounds bitter.
Sounds exciting.
Sounds frustrating.
Sounds good.
Sounds good. Go for it.
Sounds good to me!
Sounds good to me. Put off the first-years' show and the three of us can hold the event!
Sounds great.
Sounds great! You love singing, so that'll be perfect for your promotion.
Sounds interesting.
Sounds interesting. It's gonna be on Dress Make.
Sounds interesting. The topic is on Dress Making.
Sounds like a competitive spirit.
Sounds like fun!
Sounds like it ended.
Sounds like it got the kids demographic too.
Sounds like it'll be a fun event.
Sounds like it's over.
Sounds like one.
Sounds like we still have a ways to go, Subaru-kun.
Sounds like you're really into this.
Sounds tough on your end.
Sour!
Sour konbu?
Sour konbu is an art!
Sour Konbu Sour Konbu Sour Konbu Sour Konbu Sour Konbu Sour Konbu You were right! I spotted some sour konbu in an unexpected place!
So, usually we'd have M4 split up into two teams and compete, but today we'll be having our guests cook.
Souvenirs Rain always gets me down.
Souvenirs Souvenirs I'm getting excited for the performance.
So valiant!
So very intriguing.
So we all felt the same way.
So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni chanto ieru you ni
So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it So we can come to say it
So we failed...
So we'll sing with all our hearts!
So we made it to the last one, but where are we supposed to find it?
So, were you able to psyche yourself up?
So what?
So what about us...
So, what about your design?
So what are manners?
So what are the two of you planning to do?
So what are you planning to write about?
So what did you want to talk about?
So what did you want to tell us?
So what do we all think of the new girls?
So what do we think of the new girls?
So what do you plan on writing about?
So what if I am?
So what if I am? If you don't scram, I'll call security on you.
So what if it's thrown off?
So what if it's twisted?
So what is that power?
So what is your reason for missing curfew?
So, what kind of movie is this?
So what'll it be for today's first step?
So what role are you playing, Koharu-chan?
So, what's happened?
So what should we play?
So what's it like being in S4?
So what's my best course of action?
So what's the plan?
So what's this important thing?
So what time does the show you're in start?
So what time does your show start?
So what were we talking about again?
So whenever I start to feel lazy, I motivate myself by thinking back to my days in the club.
So when he noticed that I was going through the same thing, he began to advise me.
So where should we start?
So where should we start looking?
so where's the tundra part come from?
So, where would that be?
So which? Pick one already.
So, which punishment would you prefer?
so why?
So why are you here?
So why do you look so anxious?
So why is it?
So why is it...
So why is it that the Sun Dress refuses to appear before me?
So why is it that the Sun Dress refuses to show me its form?
So why is it that you can do things like this?
so why would I think of him?
So will I.
So will I! Let's fire this place up together!
So will I! Let's fire up the audience together!
Sowing white feathers into the lands shiroi hane wo daichi ni maite Sowing white feathers into the lands shiroi hane wo daichi ni maite They became flowers hana ni kaeta They became flowers hana ni kaeta - Let the wind blow, call upon the rain - kaze yo fuke ame wo yobe
So without further ado, let's start the audition!
So you are.
So you came to see me, Yume-chan.
So you came to watch.
So you can't do it?
So you'd better become the top of Song Class.
- So you decided on magic for your extra oomph.
So you'd like to know more about that strange power.
So you first met when you were children.
So you got lost.
So you had realized.
So you have.
So you kept them with you.
So you knew each other as children.
So you know each other.
So you mean, there's a girl he likes now?
So your aim isn't just the ice cream.
So you're an idol, Laura-chan?
So you're finding it difficult to keep us afloat.
So you're free until then.
So you're from a musical family, Laura.
So you're from a musical lineage, Laura.
So you're going to put in some extra oomph with your magic tricks, Kokoro.
So you're got your eyes set on beating Yozora-senpai at any cost.
So you're looking for a new Koukadou campaign girl.
So you're not?
- So you're not gonna let Yume-chan and them finish their exchange program and leave?
So you're not gonna let Yume-chan and them just finish their exchange program and leave?
So you're not just after the ice cream.
So you're saying...
So you're set on beating Yozora-senpai at any cost.
- So your secret weapon's going to be magic tricks, Kokoro.
So, you see? Be confident.
- So you sprouted wings at the reunion with your sister.
So you think I'm adorable, huh?
So you too...
So you watch Yozora-senpai's show too, Mahiru-chan.
So you were an idol too.
So... Yume-san.
So yummy!
Spare us...
Sparkle Lamé Coord.
Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord
Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Sparkle Lamé Coord Your performance was so
Sparklies?
Sparklies! Strolling Weather.
Sparkling Stars Christmas!
Speaking of big competitions, the track meet also drew an excited crowd.
Speaking of honeybees...
Speaking of Kirara...
Speaking of, Lily-senpai. Are you okay to run like this?
Speaking of tonight, I'd like to start getting ready for our last event on the island!
Speaking of, where'd Yuzu run off to?
Speaking of which, Yume-chan was invited as a guest to The Best Music Show's special.
Speaking of work, Shiny Smile's about to debut our new Premium Rare Dress!
Speaking of work, Shiny Smile's gonna have a debut of our new Premium Rare Dress!
Speak now!
Special?
- Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama - Mermaid Idol - Special Drama
Special how?
- Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily - Special Tour Guide: Shirogane Lily I am quite anticipexcited.
Special training for dress making?
Specific thoughts?
Speed is the most important part of shearing!
Spice Chord boasts one of the longest histories of all the many brands out there.
Spice Chord is a brand with a reputation for being resolute and unshakable.
Spice Chord is a cool brand built upon striking people with its stunning rock inspiration.
Spicy!
Spicy curry is beneficial for both beauty and health.
Spicy curry is beneficial to both beauty and health.
Spike!
Spinny We'd like to announce which dress we found the best.
Splendid.
Spoken like a real member of S4.
Spotted the dancing fairy!
Spread out your chest.
Spring...
Spring is right around the corner.
Sprint straight towards it, like you did just now.
S-Same to you.
S-See?
S-See? I can hear a weird sound...
S-Sensei! Hanazono-san is feeling unwell!
S-Seriously?
S-Seriously?!
S-Sm-Sm...
S-So...
S-So adorable...
S-So cool...
S-So hey, since we're all in costume, why don't we take a photo to remember tonight by?
S-Sorry!
S-Sorry.
S-Sorry about that.
S-Sorry for asking something so strange.
S-Sorry, I...
S-Sorry! I'll explain from the beginning.
S-Sorry, please go ahead.
S-Sorry to intrude.
S-Sorry! We didn't mean to spy...
S-So, what do you think?
s s s s It's asafoetida. How does it smell?
S-S-S... Subaru-kyun!
S-S-Subaru-kyun?!
S-Stop it!
S-Stuffed cat?
S-Subaru-kyun!
S-Subaru-kyun?
S-Subaru-kyun?!
S-Sure.
Stack as many glasses as you can on top of a tray.
Stage!
Stage 1 Stage 1 Stage 1 True False Quiz!
Stage 2 Stage 2 Stage 2 Carry a Glass Tower!
Stage 3 Stage 3 Stage 3 Add a New Dish to the Ko-cafe Menu!
stand by her side nakama ga iru episode Solo When you are all gathered atsumattara good collaboration The greatest performance saikyou no LIVE Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News Four Star Academy News
Stand down.
Stand in front of your mic and shout what you like best about your partner as loudly as you can!
Standing daylong at the Dress Make counter, absorbing knowledge to create ever finer dresses.
Standing daylong at the Dress Make counter, absorbing the knowledge to weave ever finer dresses.
- Stand up to the future!
- Stand up to the future! - Stand up to the future! - Stand up to the future! - Stand up to the future!
Star Captor Festival!
Star Captor Festival Star Captor Festival Four Star Academy & Kirakira City Four Star Academy & Kirakira City Star Captor Festival Star Captor Festival - Star Captor Festival - Four Star Academy & Kirakira City - Four Star Academy & Kirakira City - Four Star Academy & Kirakira City It's time!
Star Captor Festival Strategy Meeting!!
Star Premium Rare Coord even has "star" in the name.
Star Premium Rare Coords.
Star-studded splendor with a rainbow gradation.
Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Soleil's Star Sunshine Coords and their stage were unbelievable they're something special!
Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Star Sunshine Coord Soleil's Star Sunshine Coords and performance
Start!
Star Theater Star Theater Star Theater Star Theater - It's your turn next, kitten! - It's your turn next, kitten! - Movie: Rise of a Flight Attendant - Movie: Rise of a Flight Attendant - Movie: Rise of a Flight Attendant - Movie: Rise of a Flight Attendant - Kitten's trial by fire! - Kitten's trial by fire!
Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera m 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 m 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 - S.L.
Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera Starting in front of the camera
- Starting next week, this segment will be used to introduce our dresses.
- Starting next week, we'll be moving into a new corner to introduce our dresses.
Starting next week, we'll have a new segment to introduce our dresses.
Starting today, every week there's going to be a Weekend Kirakira Stage event especially for rookie idols.
Starting today, I'm a student at S4's school, Four Star Academy.
Starting tomorrow, you'll be off for the next three days.
Starting tomorrow, you'll be off for three days.
Starting us off will be guests of the new feature, Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson, Monica & Amy.
- Starting us off will be stars of the new feature, Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson, - I would like to start with our new corner, Kasumi Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson.
Starting with a nice big bite from Yuzu!
Starting with dancing, a fashion show, and acting, Triathlon Idol Fest Triathlon Idol Fest followed by flower arranging, a quiz, cooking, and more, only the one idol who manages to make it to the end can put on a performance.
Start Line!
start line it's showtime atsumareba ima hajimaru show time Dancing in the light of the music oto no hikari abite dancing Reaching all the way inside to your heart kokoro made hora odoridasu Feeling it with all of your body karadajuu de kanjiteru Very, very, very happy Many Many Many Happy
Start Start End End Nijino Yume First Solo Live Nijino Yume First Solo Live Isn't this exciting, Koko?
- starts today.
Start the equipment check.
Start the final round!
Start the final stage!
Start with chopping!
Star Wings.
Star Wings are the mark of a Star Premium Rare Coord.
Star wings... a Star Premium Rare Coord!
Star wings radiating brilliantly...
Star Wings that can charm the world are really intriguing.
Stay and observe if you'd like.
Stay awake! Don't fall asleep!
Stay calm, don't get flustered...
Staying magnificent while sweating with Elzacise.
Staying true to her opinions while also taking in your ideas must've been for the same cause.
Staying with me will do you no good.
Stay with us!
Steak for breakfast!
Steak makes for a very heavy breakfast.
Steak makes for a very large breakfast.
Steal? Did Kirara do something bad?
Stella!
Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Trying to copy someone else
Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa
Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa
Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou ano hi mita keshiki mezashite susumou Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry
Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories Step forward and aim for the place in your memories
Step forward there.
Step it up or that CD debut will a dream within a dream!
Step it up or that CD debut will be further than a dream within a dream!
Step lightly, and don't tense up.
Step on it.
Stepping away for a short time overwhelmed me with the feeling that my place is with Ichigo and Aoi.
Stick to your Aikatsu while you're abroad.
Still!
Still...
Still, a little won't hurt.
Still, can I really do my best without Koharu-chan?
Still, I like your singing, Yume-chan.
Still, I'm not confident we can make it with this few people.
Still, I'm not sure we can make it with this few people.
Still, I'm seeing things in a new light.
Still, I only managed to get this far thanks to having Yume as my rival.
Still, is this really Aikatsu?
Still, it's good to be back.
Still, it's the last chance I've got to make the top four.
Still, I want to do this audition.
Still, I want to know what it means to be serious.
Still, I was surprised you knew where the bandages and such were.
Still, I wonder when Onee-chan and the others found the time to study.
Still, knowing Elza-san...
Still, let me clean the hallways as well.
Still only three.
Still, S4 was really impressive.
Still, she's a lot healthier now compared to back then.
Still, she's a lot more healthy now compared to back then.
Still, the glimmer of their Star Premium Rare Coords...
Still, wasn't it difficult to collect four of them?
Still, we've got no choice but to overcome this together!
Still, what happened?
Still, what relation does your mother have to the Sun Dress?
Still, where can we find a student able to design dresses from scratch?
Still, why don't you want to enter the contest?
Still, will this really help us learn English?
Still, you want to celebrate your mom's birthday, right?
Stomach medicine?
Stop!
Stop...
Stop being so negative!
Stop by the Dress Make Room later to pick out your school dress.
Stop by the Dress Make Room later to pick out your School Dress.
Stop, enough!
Stop, I can't watch any longer!
Stop, I don't deserve to be mentioned on a show like this.
Stop it, I don't deserve to be mentioned on a show like this.
Stop making sense...
Stop, no more negativity!
Stop, Onee-chan!
Stop right there!
Stop rolling.
Stop, she doesn't need me worrying about her.
Stop. She doesn't need me worrying about her.
Stop, stop! Once more from the top.
Stop, stop. One more try.
Stop, stop, stop!
Stop, stop! You need to project!
Stop that!
Stop that...
Stop that, Onee-chan.
Stop that, you shouldn't get in the photographer's way.
Stop that. You shouldn't get in the photographer's way.
Stop thinking selfish thoughts!
STOP TICKLE BOOM Should be banished from reality!
STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM Back to the studio!
STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM STOP TICKLE BOOM
Stop touch...
Stop trying to hide it!
Stop, you two!
Straightforward...
Strict with a professional mindset are the words that best describe Elza-san.
strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to
strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts todoke! kooru & resuponsu de Reach out with a call and response Reach out with a call and response
Strongest Dress Note!!
- Strongest - Strongest That sounds like a ton of fun!
Struggle for as long as you can.
stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself
stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself If you should find yourself stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen
stuck and doubting yourself moshi kimi ga tachidomari mayou hi wa Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite Close your eyes and listen
Studded with rhinestones, the Brilliant Freeze Coord.
Student ID Student ID Nijino Yume Nijino Yume Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Here.
- Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino
- Student ID - Student ID - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy All right girls, back to your seats.
Students, allow me to congratulate you on your matriculation.
Students are to return to their quarters and remain until further notice.
Students are to return to their quarters until further notice.
Students at Venus Ark must constantly be top-level in everything under the sun.
Students, the bacteriologist Hideyo Noguchi once said, "A genius is someone who studies three times, four times, five times more than others." Be the tortoise, not the hare My duty is to make each one of you into a genius!
Students will comprise the entire cast and staff behind the show's production.
Study abroad for dance? That gets me going!
Studyholics Studyholics Those coke-bottle glasses really make it feel like she couldn't care less about fashion.
- Studying?
Studying is Aikatsu too!
Studying with reference books, coke-bottle glasses, unfashionable, overworked makeup...
Stupid mirror!
Stupid sheep aren't cool at all.
Stylish Girl Collection Stylish Girl Collection Yume, over here!
Stylish Girl Lesson.
Subaru?
Subaru.
Subaru and Nozomu are expanding into Asia.
Subaru-kun?
Subaru-kun and Kanata-kun, you two are doing manzai comedy, right?
Subaru-kun, get ready for the next scene!
Subaru-kun, is that a hint of jealousy I detect?
Subaru-kun, nice! That's the stuff!
Subaru-kun's always talking about you.
Subaru-kun's so cute.
Subaru-kun's so honest.
Subaru-kun's the best!
- Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete Subaru-kun messaged me.
- Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete
- Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete - Subaru-kun - Subaru-kun - Mission Complete - Mission Complete Subaru-kun Subaru-kun Mission Complete Mission Complete It says "mission complete". Great!
Subaru-kun was right about you!
Subaru-kun, we need to get going.
Subaru-kun, your acting's changed.
Subaru-kyun!
Subaru-kyun?!
Subaru-kyun.
Subaru-kyun...
Subaru-kyun! Ako's fluffy omelettes will be ready for you in no time!
Subaru-kyun gave you water...
Subaru-kyun, go for it!
Subaru-kyun, I ended up losing.
Subaru-kyun! I knew this day would come before long!
Subaru-kyun is playing a super idol, and Kanata-senpai is my agency's president.
Subaru-kyun, it was all so I could meet you.
Subaru-kyun! Just sit tight until I give you a taste of Ako's fluffy omelettes!
Subaru-kyun love!
Subaru-kyun m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 That Subaru-kyun boy!
Subaru-kyun said "thank you" to me!
Subaru-kyun's drinking cocoa!
Subaru-kyun's favorite food...
Subaru-kyun's favorite food is...
Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun It's lovely!
Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun Subaru-kyun
- Subaru-kyun, sweet farewells, for we may not meet until I achieve victory in the S4 Selection.
Subaru-kyun, sweet farewells, for we must not meet until I achieve victory in the S4 Selection.
Subaru-kyun! The day has finally come!
Subaru-kyun, welcome home!
- Subaru-kyun, we must say our sweet farewells till I achieve victory in the S4 Selection.
Subaru-kyun, you're so handsome!
Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru See you. Good luck, Yume-chan.
Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru Subaru
Subaru Subaru Sure.
Subbing in as her pinch hitter, her fellow first-year Nijino Yume will be singing with Shiratori Hime!
Subete no kanousei ga fune wo yobu Every possibility calls the boat ai ni yukou tokimeki ni ai ni yukou Let's set sail, set sail looking for adventure suiheisen ga kirari to hikatta The horizon glimmers in the distance - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Say Bon
subete no kanousei ga fune wo yobu Let's set sail, set sail looking for adventure ai ni yukou tokimeki ni ai ni yukou Let's set sail, set sail looking for adventure ai ni yukou tokimeki ni ai ni yukou The horizon glimmers in the distance suiheisen ga kirari to hikatta
subete no kizu wo iyasu megami ni wa narenakutemo Allow me to bestow peace like gentle light komorebi no you na yasuragi wo Allow me to bestow peace like gentle light komorebi no you na yasuragi wo Allow me to bestow peace like gentle light komorebi no you na yasuragi wo
Submit your entry sheets via your Aikatsu Mobiles.
Such a beautiful night this is.
Such a downer. You mad too?
Such a gorgeous dress...
Such a lovely reverie.
Such a nice scent.
Such a weird coincidence, isn't it?
Such a wide assortment of snacks.
Such a wonderful night is tonight.
Such long days of training those were.
Such paradise hardly ever comes by.
- Such professional advice had to have come from someone within the industry.
Such professional advice had to have come from someone within the modeling industry.
- SUDDEN RETIREMENT!! - SUDDEN RETIREMENT!! - SUDDEN RETIREMENT!!
suiheisen ga kirari to hikatta - Say Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Separate the blue line and cut through the wind - sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte Come, let's find out just how beautiful and exotic the world is
Sumiko-san is a fan of yours.
Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Wh-What is the meaning of this?
Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ Summer Fest Heated Up ♪ The Summer Fest heated up just in time for midsummer.
Summer! The pool! It's a treasure hunt!
- Summer! The pool! It's a Treasure Hunt!
Summer! The Pool! It's a Treasure Hunt!
- Summer! The pool! It's a Treasure Hunt! - Summer! The pool! It's a Treasure Hunt!
Sunlight Institute's Mori Kirari.
Sup, boiled octo.
Super Hero Battleman came all this way to see you!
Super Secret Strategy Session - Participants - Yuzu, Lily, Koharu Yuri, Laura, Yume Mahiru, Alice, Ako The only idols from Four Star in the Aikatsu Ranking are Yume-chan, Laura-chan, and Mahiru-chan.
Super spicy curry, spicy to the max.
Sup. It's been a while, jumbo ribbon.
- Sure.
Sure!
Sure.
Sure...
- Sure! And don't you think this is the perfect example of this year's Aikatsu Island theme, Yume?
- Sure! And isn't this just in the spirit of this year's Aikatsu Island theme, Yume?
Sure! And isn't this right in the spirit of this year's Aikatsu Island theme, Yume?
Sure did!
Sure! For this project, we've hidden various S's all around Kirakira City, where Four Star Academy is located.
Sure, good work.
Sure, got it.
Sure! I can never refuse an offer of something sweet.
Sure! I can never say no to something sweet.
Sure, I can think of a few.
Sure. I'd feel bad if you couldn't sell out, so I'll take them.
Sure. I'd feel bad if you had any left over, so I'll take them.
Sure, I'd like that.
Sure, I'd love that!
Sure, I don't see a problem. We can make this a lively episode.
Sure, I don't see a problem. We'll just have a livelier episode this time.
Sure, I have high hopes.
Sure, I'll do it.
Sure, I'll do my best.
Sure, I'm into it.
Sure is bustling.
Sure is bustling here.
Sure is nice.
Sure is summer vacation.
Sure it is. I'm just saying that Laura-chan's is much cuter.
Sure it's cute, but something isn't right!
Sure! It's training time!
Sure, I understand.
Sure! I wonder what I should write.
Sure, I would be glad to.
Sure, let's check it out!
Sure, let's roll with it.
Sure, let's roll with that.
Sure, no problem!
Sure, no problem.
Sure, of course.
Sure. Oh, my teacher told us about this guide for new students they had.
Sure. Oh, my teacher told us there was a guide for new students.
Sure, same here... uh, and you are?
Sure, see you after!
Sure, see you later!
Sure! See you later.
Sure. See you later.
Sure, sounds good.
Sure, sounds good! What exactly should we do?
Sure, sure!
Sure, that's fine.
Sure! They've got venomous claws on their back legs!
Sure thing!
Sure thing.
Sure thing...
Sure thing! I'll go through it with you all one at a time.
Sure thing, Mahiru-chan.
Sure, want to try?
Sure was!
Sure. You girls go have fun today.
Sure you should be taking that attitude with your seniors?
Sure you should take that attitude with your seniors?
- Surpassing simple coolness, the Rock My Heart Coord mixes in sweetness too.
Surpass the person you are today.
- Surprise!
Surprise!
Surprised?
Surprise, surprise!
surprise were just the best!
Surprising Aikatsu?
Susan, would you prefer red or pink lipstick?
Sushi?!
Suspicious.
susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori The whole world changes in an instant shunkan sekai ga kawaru no There is a girl who is unafraid of facing solitude kodoku wo osorenai onna no ko ga iru Because partners just as courageous onnaji yuuki wo motteru stand by her side nakama ga iru
Sutaato rain!
sutaato rain wo tobikoeta Ever since the day I passed my start line sutaato rain wo tobikoeta Ever since the day I passed my start line sutaato rain wo tobikoeta Ever since the day I passed my start line sutaato rain wo tobikoeta I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream
sutaato rain wo tobikoeta I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream I've kept my eyes always focused on the same dream
Suzu-chan.
Suzu-chan, do you want to take a picture?
Suzukaze Plateau Suzukaze Plateau And if you can believe it, the tour guide will be... Shirogane Lily!
Suzukaze Plateau Suzukaze Plateau Mountains and Valleys Scenic!
Suzu's been feeling down these days.
Sweat is evidence of living life to the fullest!
Sweat is proof you're living life to its fullest!
Sweet!
Sweet dreams...
Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord
Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord I've gotta Aikatsu so hard it brings Elza-sama back!
Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Accursed Hanazono Kirara!
Sweet Dreams Coord Sweet Dreams Coord Yes, and some day I'll steal back the title of muse!
Sweets are a girl's source of energy, after all.
Sweets are the source of a girl's energy!
Sweets are the source of energy for girls, after all.
Sword of Light.
Sword of Light Sword of Light Sword of Light Thanks for the treat!
Tabulation Complete Tabulation Complete Both the live vote and the remote votes have been tabulated.
- Tabulation Complete - Tabulation Complete Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Song Song Theater Theater Dance Dance Beauty Beauty Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Summer Fest Final Results Song Song Theater Theater Dance Dance Beauty Beauty Summer Fest Final Results
Ta-da!
tada urayamu dake ja zettai todokanai places There are dreams you'll never grasp just wishing for them to come true tada negau bakari ja keshite tsukamitorenai dreaming There are dreams you'll never grasp just wishing for them to come true tada negau bakari ja keshite tsukamitorenai dreaming So I'll never lose the glimmer of the stars
Ta-da! What do you think?
Tadoritsuku made wa umaku ikazu ni Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way Nothing seemed to go right all along the way
Tadoritsuku made wa umaku ikazu ni Nothing seemed to go right all along the way toki ni korondari tsumazuitari shita kedo There were times we tripped and fell over tsuraitte utsumuitara yume nante kanawanai But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true mou namida wo fuitara hora
Taiyaki?!
Taiyou-san, I want to meet the person you used to be!
Taiyou-san, I want to see the person you used to be!
Take a big step to the other side ookiku one step mukou gawa e Wishing hard we're sure to get there tsuyoku negaeba kitto yukeru Into the distance, our goal within sight haruka tooku e mieru gooru e Reaching out together hand in hand mezashite te wa hanasanaide Together hand in hand
Take a close look at my special cake.
Take a good look.
Take a look!
Take a look at Lily.
Take a look at Lily there.
Take a look for yourself.
Take as much as you can.
Take a wish paper, Mahiru-chan.
Take care!
Take care.
Take care, Koharu.
Take care of them as per usual.
Take charge of this plan and get it to work with the rest of the first-years.
- Take down! Onee-chan!!
Take down S4!
Take Flight, Sky Girl!
Take Flight, Sky-Girl!
Take Flight! Sky Girl.
Take good care of your skin.
- Take hold of the idol first star!
Take it!
Take it.
Take it and blaze your own trail!
Take it back home immediately.
Take it easy for the rest of the day.
Take it slowly!
take off and fly away and go ahead take off and fly away and go ahead On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to my future
Take off and fly away and go ahead take off and fly away and go ahead take off and fly away and go ahead take off and fly away and go ahead On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto On the transit to my future mirai no tochuu toranjitto
Take that glimmering sweat as proof hikaru ase mo saikou - That your dream's gonna come true! - Kimi no yume wo kanaete! - That your dream's gonna come true! - Kimi no yume wo kanaete!
Take these.
Take these over to storage.
Take the stage, Nijino!
Take this!
Take this.
Take this chance to rest up.
Take this if you'd like.
Take this opportunity to relax and recharge.
Take tonight to rest up.
Take your leave.
Taking my own path.
Taking on M4 as your rivals?
Taking the stage all of a sudden...
Taking up the megaphone will be Director Jean, a genius from the Hong Kong film industry.
Takoyaki Takoyaki It's tomorrow.
Takoyaki Takoyaki Matcha Chocolate Cream Yummy rec!
Takusan no kagayaku egao ni Say Hello!
Talent is what one makes of them." Um, does that mean I have talents still sleeping inside me?
Talk about a complete one-eighty.
Talk about a downer. You mad?
Talk about being privileged—I wish I could worry about having too many scouts.
- Talk about ephemeral...
Talk about heavy.
Talking about the Collection got me in the mood to do a Dress Make.
Talk of Elza-san is buzzing in every room and hallway.
Talk of Elza-san is coming out of every room and hallway.
Tamagawa Himari - Tamagawa Himari - Nanakura Koharu - Nanakura Koharu - Your Rank - Your Rank - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura
Taper!
Target locked.
Tarte Méli-mélo!
tatoe tobitatta ato ni Even if after I set off tatoe tobitatta ato ni time keeps flowing without me toki ga nagaretetemo time keeps flowing without me toki ga nagaretetemo time keeps flowing without me toki ga nagaretetemo time keeps flowing without me toki ga nagaretetemo Wow, look at the stars
Teacher?
Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Incredible! She's getting past everything throw at her by the Teachers, her very own instructors!
- Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time
Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time Teacher Time That's the Teacher Time alert!
- Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - Teacher Time - The Teachers have been released to hinder!
teeburu parasoru sutoraipu Under a striped table parasol kono natsu no kakigoori What flavors of shaved ice donna aji ga rainappu?
Telephone, telephone?
Tell me about it, we're not even in the same book.
Tell me about it. We're not even in the same book.
Tell me, Hanazono Kirara—Why in the world are you doing Aikatsu?
Tell me more, Tetsuya-kun.
Tell me something. Why did you become an idol?
Tell me what happened.
Tell me. What was it you wanted to say at the cafe?
Tell me. What was it you wanted to say at the café?
Tell me your plan, Alice-chan.
Tell us!
Tell us everything!
Tenacious...
Ten girls have made it beyond the first stage.
Ten girls survived the first stage.
Ten truckloads worth.
Ten units have stepped forward and entered this event.
Teru teru girls!
Teru teru girls?
Test subjects are chosen based on where they're from.
Test, test. Attention!
Tetsuya-kun?
Tetsuya-kun is gone.
te wa hanasanaide We looked up into the cloudless sky kumo hitotsu nai sora miageta The sun shining in a sea of blue taiyou dake ga ao ni ukabu Illuminating the path for us to take susumu beki michi wo terashita And melting our hesistation mayoi wo tokashite Negativity makes you duller
- Thankfully, I managed to sell out of Mahiru Crepes.
- Thankfully, Mahiru Crêpes managed to sell out.
Thankfully, Mahiru's Crêpes managed to sell out.
Thank god I was born a Kasumi!
Thank god I was born on this planet.
Thank goodness!
Thank goodness.
Thank goodness, and you even managed to save my hat. Thanks!
Thank goodness it went all right.
Thank goodness. I've been meaning to thank you.
Thank goodness we made it!
Thank goodness we made it.
Thank goodness we tied.
Thanks!
Thanks?
Thanks.
Thanks...
Thanks again!
Thanks again for helping us out.
Thanks, Ako-chan!
Thanks, Aria-chan.
Thanks, but...
Thanks! But enough of that...
Thanks. But Yume, you can't afford to concern yourself with me.
Thanks. But Yume, you have no time to be concerning yourself with me.
Thanks, Elza.
Thanks, Elza-sama!
Thanks, everyone!
Thanks, everyone.
Thanks... for before.
Thanks for coming.
Thanks for everything!
Thanks for everything.
Thanks for finding us, Yume-chan!
Thanks for hanging out with me!
Thanks for helping me, girls.
Thanks for inviting us to your school festival!
Thanks for letting me know. Having you here is more than enough for me.
Thanks for making this a really fun New Year's!
Thanks for reminding me.
Thanks for singing with me.
Thanks for that!
Thanks for the food!
Thanks for the grub!
Thanks for the treat.
Thanks for waiting!
Thanks for waiting.
Thanks for waiting, Yume!
Thanks for worrying about me, but I'm just fine.
Thanks, girls!
Thanks, girls.
Thanks. Good luck.
Thanks! I'll do my best.
Thanks! I'll evolve Romance Kiss even further by my hand.
Thanks! I'll find her!
Thanks. I'll make it into a brand that's undeniably mine!
Thanks. I'll see you later, Koharu.
Thanks. I'll take care of the rest.
Thanks, I'm dressed as a fairy.
Thanks! I'm glad everyone else enjoyed it too.
Thanks, I'm supposed to be a fairy.
Thanks! In my hands, Romance Kiss will continue to evolve.
Thanks. It's because I have you, Yume.
Thanks. It was right around then that Elza-sama came to Italy.
Thanks! I was just thinking I wanted to look at some of the old episodes.
Thanks! I was just thinking I wanted to watch some of the old episodes.
Thanks, I will.
Thanks. I wish I could hold a handshake event and a mini-live too, but that might be out of reach.
Thanks, Koharu-chan!
Thanks, Koharu-chan.
Thanks, Koharu-chan. I'll get right to it.
Thanks, Laura!
Thanks, Laura.
Thanks. Let's make this a fun party.
Thanks, Lilienne. You were waiting for me?
Thanks, Mahiru.
Thanks, Mahiru-chan!
Thanks, Mahiru-chan! Hopefully we can find the rest just as easily.
Thanks, me too.
Thanks, Nee-san.
Thanks. Oh, that too!
Thanks so much!
Thanks so much, Asahi!
Thanks so much for coming today to see the debut of my brand, FuwaFuwa Dream!
Thanks so much, Koharu-chan!
Thanks so much! Now then...
Thanks, Subaru-kun!
Thanks... thanks so much!
Thanks, that'd be great.
Thanks. That performance apparently made big waves, and our fans are really looking forward to it.
Thanks. That's exactly right.
Thanks, this is a huge help.
Thanks. Though as I expected, I didn't get a special Grade-up Glitter.
- Thanks to all of you here today, my joy is several hundredfold increased.
Thanks to all of you here today, my joy is several hundred times increased.
Thanks to how in sync their performance was, they took home the gold.
Thanks to how in-sync their performance was, they were able to take home the gold.
Thanks to Lily-senpai and Koharu-chan, I now have my dress.
Thanks to them, my heart is positively radiant!
Thanks to them, Subaru-kun was able to set off on his whirlwind worldwide tour.
Thanks to them, we were able to make it to the twentieth anniversary of the Koukadou campaign girl audition.
Thanks to this audition, I feel like I learned something vital.
Thanks. Until later.
Thanks. You can prepare your stomach for when I win that free lunch coupon!
Thanks. You can prepare your stomach for when I win that lunch coupon!
Thanks, you're a huge help.
Thanks, you're a lifesaver.
Thanks! You really helped me out today!
Thanks, you're a savior.
Thanks, you're lifesavers.
Thanks! You're the best.
Thanks, you two!
Thanks, you two.
Thanks, Yume.
Thanks, Yume-chan!
Thanks, Yume-chan.
Thanks, Yuzu.
Thank you!
Thank you?
Thank you.
Thank you...
Thank you again for the tea and snacks.
Thank you, Akari-chan!
Thank you, Alala.
Thank you all as well.
Thank you all for gathering on this fine day!
Thank you all so much!
Thank you all so much.
Thank you all so much for braving the snow to come see us.
Thank you all so much for trudging through the snow to come see us.
Thank you, and goodbye.
Thank you. And you as well, girls.
Thank you, and you too.
Thank you, Aria-chan.
Thank you, but I couldn't have done it on my own.
Thank you, but I won't let it end here.
Thank you. Congratulations on becoming part of S4 too.
Thank you, everyone!
Thank you, everyone.
THank you, everyone.
Thank you, everyone. I hope you'll all keep enjoying Aikatsu.
Thank you. Feel free to pick any you'd like as decoration for the concert hall.
Thank you for all of your help.
Thank you for all of your support.
Thank you for all your support!
Thank you for always making me smile.
Thank you for before.
Thank you for coming!
Thank you for coming.
Thank you for coming all the way out here.
Thank you for coming today.
Thank you for coming tonight to see Romance Kiss Presents: The Étoile Fashion Show.
Thank you for coming, Yume-chan.
Thank you for convincing Elza the other day.
Thank you for everything!
Thank you for everything.
Thank you for everything you've done.
Thank you for finding them.
Thank you for having me.
Thank you for having us.
Thank you for knowing who I am too!
Thank you for making it.
Thank you for reminding me.
Thank you for speaking with me!
Thank you for surpassing me!
Thank you for taking the time to pay my charge chaaji no tame no jikan arigatou Thank you for taking the time to pay my charge chaaji no tame no jikan arigatou Your kind words and sofa rejuvenated me yasashii sofaa to kotoba ni enerugii moratta Your kind words and sofa rejuvenated me
Thank you for taking time out of your busy schedules.
Thank you... for the explanation.
Thank you for the food.
Thank you for the hard work.
Thank you for the lesson!
Thank you for the lesson.
Thank you for the meal.
Thank you for the ride.
Thank you for this.
Thank you for today!
Thank you for treating me.
Thank you for visiting for tonight's Romance Kiss Presents: The Etoile Fashion Show.
Thank you for your comments.
Thank you for your help.
Thank you for your kindness.
Thank you for your patience.
Thank you for your patience. Shiratori-san, it's about time for your appearance.
Thank you for your patronage.
Thank you for your purchase!
Thank you for your support.
Thank you for your time.
Thank you, girls.
Thank you, Hime.
Thank you, I appreciate it!
Thank you. I couldn't have done it without everyone's help.
Thank you! I couldn't have done it without you all!
Thank you. I couldn't have done this alone.
Thank you. I finally feel free!
Thank you. I finally feel freed!
Thank you, I'll do my best!
Thank you, I'll keep an eye out.
Thank you. I'm not sure what else to say.
Thank you! I must hurry and design...
Thank you. I only won by a hair.
Thank you! I owe it all to you and the other admins.
Thank you. It's a lovely flower.
Thank you. It's difficult to post using only my left hand.
Thank you. It's difficult to put these up with just my left hand.
Thank you, Koharu-chan!
Thank you, Mahiru.
Thank you Merry X-mas!
Thank You♪ Merry X-mas!
Thank you. Next is our last entrant.
Thank you, Onee-chan!
"Thank You Party"?
Thank you, shining idols.
Thank you so much!
Thank you so much.
Thank you so much again, Koharu-chan.
Thank you so much, Ayano-san!
Thank you so much for coming to see us today.
Thank you so much, Yozora-senpai!
Thank you so, so much!
- Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You
- Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - We Love You - We Love You
Thank you! That'll be a huge help.
Thank you, that means so much.
Thank you! This means so much!
Thank you, too!
Thank you too, Laura.
Thank you too! They tasted wonderful.
Thank you very...
Thank you very much!
Thank you very much.
Thank you very much. Are you here for work?
Thank you very much. But who are you?
Thank you very much, Elza-sama.
Thank you very much for doing Aikatsu with me.
Thank you very much, Maekawa.
Thank you very much, um...
Thank you. What is it?
Thank you. Work hard for me as well.
Thank you. You can pick whichever ones you'd like for the concert hall later.
Thank you, you're too kind.
Thank you, Yume-chan!
Thank you, Yume-chan.
Thank you, Yume-san.
Thank you, Yuzu.
"That"?
That about wraps up today's program.
That advice too...
That affects you too, Lilienne.
That again? You seriously like it.
That all depends on Elza Forte.
That, along with the memories of my father, makes this my favorite cake ever.
That Aria girl gets me going.
That aside, why did Hoo-chan suddenly reappear after all this time?
That aside, you're amazing, Laura!
That aside, your movements were truly magnificent.
That being?
That blade is pointed not simply at the opponent, but at oneself.
That boat is the idol school, Venus Ark.
That book?
That book I gave you ended up being perfect.
That broadcast gained you both a lot of fans.
That can happen?
That can only mean one thing!
That can't be true!
That cat-eared girl seems to be a princess.
That certainly started the year off with a bang.
That concerns me even more!
That concert was fantastic!
That concluded our audition.
That concludes all of our filming.
That concludes all of the recording for the main film!
That concludes everyone's walks for this part of the program.
That concludes our bouldering experience.
That concludes the auditions.
That concludes the filming.
That concludes today's Elzacise.
That concludes today's show.
That concludes your interview.
That concludes Yume, Laura, and Kirara's...
That coord is called a Star Premium Rare?
That coord with the wings...
That could lead to a drought, and nobody would want that!
That day, I might've been the one who left Four Star, but before I realized it, you seemed to be the one who left me.
That decides it!
That decides it! I'm going to figure out what my individuality is!
That definitely means you're not coming...
That describes you best, Rei-san.
That dial!
That didn't—well, maybe it did...
That doesn't leave you with much time.
That doesn't make it any easier.
That doesn't make you any less a member of Venus Ark.
- That doesn't matter! I must take back my brand at all costs!
That doesn't matter! I must take back my brand using any means necessary!
- That doesn't matter! We must take back my brand, no matter what the means!
That doesn't mean she had to swim here.
That doesn't sound good.
That does sound intriguing.
That does sound like a problem.
That does sound like a splendid idea.
That does sound promising.
- That does sounds intriguing.
That donut! No...
That dream again...
That dress is really cute!
That dress was made specifically for her next show.
That dress was perfect for Valentine's too.
That ends my explanation.
That ends today's lesson. You're dismissed.
That eventually led me into S4.
That eventually led me to S4.
That explains it.
That explains where your boundless energy comes from.
That explains why everyone recognized you.
That explains why they're looking for highly individual idols.
That feeling is now stronger than ever.
That feeling of wanting to be like an idol you admire is an important first step of your idol activities.
That finally wraps up all the recordings for New Year's.
That gave me a scare.
That gets me fun!
That gets me going!
That gets me going?
That gets me going.
That gets me going! And it's exactly like you!
That gets me going. Every single thing we do this week is part of the competition.
That gets me going! I'll be the one to win this battle!
That gets me going. I'll do it!
That gets me going! I'm going to win for sure!
- That gets me going. It means that this'll be decided based heavily on what we do this week.
- That gets me going. It's like this week's one big competition.
That gets me going. I won't be losing this time.
That gets me going! Let's do it!
That gets me going. Let's show the world what we're really made of.
That gets me going. Not trying would be downright un-Aikatsu!
That gets me going! You can't find a movie like this anywhere else!
That girl... is she really a first-year?
That girl made real preparations.
That girl's coord is so cute!
That girl's incredible.
That goes double if you intend to make your way back up.
That goes without saying!
That goes without saying—Perfect Elza.
That goes without saying. The whole getup adds to thirty kilograms.
That goes without saying. Venus Ark is the greatest idol school in the world.
That guarantees our win.
That guy...
That guy suddenly became a good person.
That guy who's always calling me "tomato".
That has nothing to do with it.
That has nothing to do with me.
That has nothing to do with you.
That helped me to suppress the power.
That hurts!
That hurt, Yume-chan!
That I cannot do. I have to rescue my sister from the clutches of the Demon Lord.
That I cannot do. I must rescue my sister from the clutches of the Demon Lord.
That I can't defeat?
that I can't get excited?
That I can't get excited?
That I can't match?
That I could not be an idol.
That I could shine from deep inside my heart!
That I had started to rely on that strange power.
That includes you too, Rei-san!
That inspired him to create konpeito in a variety of fruit flavors.
That inspired me to bring her over here.
That is...
That is a good way to put it.
That is a stunning amount of chocolate.
That is certainly nostalgic.
That I shall.
That is how we see it as well.
That is, I'm looking for an idol who can create miracles.
That is indeed the truth.
That is just one opinion.
That is my duty as their headmaster.
that is my individuality!
That is my new dream.
That is my reason for wanting to join S4.
That is my will, my passion, and my dream!
That is not beautiful!
That isn't...
That isn't all.
That isn't the case.
That isn't true.
That is the applied moonwalk!
That is the basis for the Powerful Race Stage.
That is the essence of self-production.
That is the one thing you must never forget.
That is the way of the Bird Theater Class.
That is to Aikatsu in a healthy body!
That is true of both cakes and dresses.
That is unnecessary.
That is what makes us shine ever brighter!
That is what you must never forget.
That is when I met Elza!
- That is why I came out in my everyday clothes.
That is why I chose to come out in my everyday clothes.
- That is why I deliberately came out in my everyday clothes.
That is why I want to create an original brand.
That is why this year will be a collaboration.
That is yet another saying.
That it is.
That, itself, is the key to true strength!
That just makes me want to meet her more!
That just means you're strong under pressure.
That just shows how hard you're working.
That kind of coord and sense!
That Laura's got a totally different expression now than when she first got here.
That Laura's leaving with a totally different look on her face.
That leaves Mahiru-chan as the last person not to get her S.
That leaves only Mahiru-chan without an S.
That leaves only the final point.
That leaves the quality of beauty as our advantage, but it isn't that simple.
- That level of resolution is necessary to keep up with the idol pirate unafraid of storms.
That'll be my new goal.
That'll do it for the first half!
That'll make the time until curtain rise feel more fun, plus it'll build expectations for the show.
That location catches my eye.
That looked suspiciously like a confession.
That looks delicious!
That looks good!
That looks good on you.
That looks interesting.
That looks like fun!
That looks like fun. Mind if we join?
That looks like hard work.
That makes five.
That makes it all the more important that I put in everything I've got.
That makes it all the more important to put in everything I've got.
That makes nine of us!
That makes Onee-chan so happy!
That makes sense!
That makes sense.
That makes sense. You've always been good at design.
That makes sense. You've always been good at designing.
That makes six.
That makes the third from Four Star Academy.
That makes this a battle for the center!
That makes three from Four Star Academy.
That many?!
That may be so, but before that I'm your sister.
That may be true...
That may be true, but coming in second would be unacceptable.
That means...
That means a lot coming from you.
That means I need to work even harder.
That means I need to work twice as hard.
That means it didn't approve her for a Star Premium Rare Coord.
That means it's time for our first competition!
That means she wasn't accepted to receive a Star Premium Rare Coord.
That means so much!
That means so much to me.
That means the possibilities are endless!
That means they must be holding a premier for their Premium Rare dress.
That means we'll have full creative freedom to do what we want.
That means you must be competing in the Aikatsu Ranking!
That means you must be joining the Aikatsu Ranking!
That means you're the top first-year in Four Star Academy's Song Class, which is really quite the accomplishment.
That meant you're the top idol of the whole world!
That meeting...
That mindset is why your investigative skills are only half-baked.
That much is nothing. The foundation of every idol is her stamina.
- That must be because you're always right next to the lofty goal of your sister.
That must be because you're constantly reminded of your lofty goal of reaching your sister.
- That must be because your sister's presence constantly reminds you of the lofty goal you have.
That must be Hoo-chan's family!
That must be it.
That must be what it means to make your own stage.
That must be what it really means to make your own stage.
That must be why the train stopped.
That must've been my sister.
That name sounds familiar...
That night, Elza-san and her mother held a party at Venus Ark.
That night, I felt the touch of fate.
That Nijino Yume girl wasn't anything special.
That nobody cares.
That octo!
That octopus!
That once you finished your duty as S4, you would set off on a journey.
That once you finished your duty in S4, you would set off on a journey.
That one idol still hasn't been heard from.
That only motivates me more.
That owl...
That page has garnered a huge following.
That pair are pro dancers who travel the world.
That part goes like this!
That part of Yume-chan hasn't changed one bit since before you left Four Star Academy.
That perks me right up.
That person for me is Shiratori Hime-senpai.
That person must have been looking forward to this tour very much.
That phrase...
That phrase is actually a metaphor for the hardships you need to face before finally reaching success at the end of a thorny path.
That piano...
That picture is me-from-the-past.
That power...
That Premium Rare Dress, blooming like a beautiful flower bed, is fit for a queen.
That Premium Rare Dress blooms like a beautiful flowerbed, fit for a queen.
That production was just a plot to trick us into thinking it's a prop.
That promise...
That really came out of nowhere.
That really hurts!
That reminds me, Kirara.
That reminds me, Koharu-chan said she was working hard towards her dreams too.
That reminds me, Koharu-chan says she's working hard towards her dreams too.
That reminds me that you announced a new song at the Volleyball World League opening ceremonies.
That result is perfectly fine. It just serves to prove that this creature doesn't exist.
That room...
- That's...
That's...
That's absolutely better than before!
That's a good girl.
That's a good thing! It's got great nutritional value.
That's a handmade smoothie packed full of vegetables.
That's a healthy appetite.
That's a hundred twenty points.
That's a hundred-twenty points.
That said, act in accordance with what is expected of you as idols.
That said, act in accordance with what's expected of you as idols.
- That said, I just won in rock-paper-scissors against the rest.
That said, it's about time to pass out the most rocking item you'll need, so come when I call you.
That said, it's about time to pass out the rockingest item you'll need, so come when I call you.
That said, Laura has shown such strong resolve.
That said, Yume-chan may have won this time, but in doing so, she must have inspired countless others to do their best.
That's all!
That's all.
That's all from us in the field.
That's all! Get on it!
That's all! Get out, and get on it!
That's all. Head out. Get on it.
That's all I ask of you.
That's all I can ask for.
That's all? If you want, you're welcome to come in anytime!
That's all in the past.
That's all right, you go first.
That's all that was worrying you?
That's all the more reason to do it.
That's all there is to it.
That's all you've been saying this whole time.
That's a lovely outfit.
That's a mascot character!
That's amazing!
That's amazing.
That's amazing...
That's amazing! I wonder how it feels to have fans across the world...
That's amazing, Koharu!
That's amazing, Koharu-chan!
That's amazing, she's acting so bold in giving all of her opinions to these adults.
That's amazing. She's being so forward in giving all of her opinions to adults.
That's amazing, Yume-chan.
That's an absolute waste!
That's a new record!
That's a nice expression, Koharu-chan.
That's a nice meaning.
That's an intriguing view.
That's another place we can cross off the list.
That's a rather packed schedule.
That's a real passion for Aikatsu!
That's a real variety of work.
That's a relief.
That's a result of bringing the three of our hearts together.
That's a secret!
That's a secret for now!
That's a simple matter.
That's astounding, Yuzu-senpai!
- That's a surprise until you see it.
That's awesome!
That's awesome.
That's awesome! I wish I could've entered.
That's awesome, Koharu!
That's awesome, Laura! You made it!
That's awful! Laura was so looking forward to this.
That's a wonderful aspiration!
That saying...
That's because Elza-sama's the owner.
That's because... I'm in love.
That's because I still have a lot more growing to do.
That's because it was! You were off recuperating during the hot weather.
That's because I've got to grow even more.
That's because rainbows are more than one color.
That's because the main event's gonna be a play put on by S4 and us admins, right Ako?
That's because the main event will be a play held by S4 and us admins, right Ako?
That's Berry Parfait! That's why...
That scared me.
That scares me.
That's 'cause summer's right after the rainy season!
That's cause summer's right after the rainy season!
That's 'cause when I eat bananas...
That's certainly a dress befitting the rainbow idol. It's lovely!
That's correct.
That's correct! Please read the next one, Saotome-san.
That script was pretty tough.
That's darn intriguing.
That's definitely baa!
That's definitely part of it, but everyone here is working to bring out Yozora-senpai and Hime-senpai's appeal so that a hundred percent of it—no, even more...
That's definitely true. Yume-chan surely realizes that as well.
That's easy for you to say.
That's easy to say, but I still feel restless here stuck in my room.
That secret will be revealed in just a moment.
That seems like fun. Maybe we should come take a look.
That's... Elza-san?
That's Elza-san for you!
That's Elza-san for you.
That's enough!
That's enough.
That's enough...
That's enough already.
That's enough! We're wrapping up for today!
That's everything I wanted to say to you!
That's exactly it. They're training their abdominals.
That's exactly right.
That's exactly the problem.
That's exactly what I wanted to hear!
That's exactly why I try to provide strict guidance and nurture strong students who won't break before loneliness.
- That's exactly why the sense of accomplishment you feel after you learn it makes for an even more incredible dance.
That's exactly why you're so amazing yourself, Mahiru-chan.
That's fine and all, but aren't you setting sail way too suddenly?
That's fine, then. Just don't overdo it!
That's fine, Yume-chan.
That's for certain.
That's for the best.
That's from...
That's from China.
That's girl's so over the place it's impossible to hate her.
That's good.
That's good then. I wouldn't want to have to fight against a strong rival like you.
That's good, then. You'll be fine.
That's good to hear.
That's great!
That's great, but do we have any idea how to act?
That's great, but why did you come so late at night?
That's great! I know you'll be able to bring it home.
That's great, Koharu-chan.
That's great. Please be nice to her, Laura-chan.
That's great. Please take care of her, Laura-chan.
That's great progress!
That's great. You can do it!
That's great, Yume!
That's harsh... That's a very triathlon event.
That she is.
That's her.
That's her over there.
That should be enough...
That should make it easier to decide.
That shouldn't come as a surprise.
- That should've been obvious...
That's how a boiled octopus should be.
That's how amazing Elza-sama is!
That's how a single performance is brought together!
That's how cooking should be.
That's how dresses are turned into cards.
That shower of feathers made you look like a goddess!
That's how it looks to me, at least.
That's how me, Laura, and Mahiru-chan began our school exchange.
That's how much I weigh!
That's important.
That's impressive.
That's incomparably better than before!
That's incredible.
That's it!
That's it for today!
That's it for tonight.
That's it! If that's true, then I...
That's it! I'm actually right in the middle of writing a new song.
That's it. I need to be as serious as Mahiru-san!
That's it! I should get my own brand.
That's it! I've been inspired!
That's it! Kirara's coming too!
That's it, Laura!
That's it, she's using her love as a spice.
That's... It's obviously to win, isn't it?
That's it! Sometimes it's a good idea to change things up.
That's it! Sometimes it's a good idea to change your perspective.
That's it! That's definitely best!
That's it! This is exactly what I wanted to capture.
That's just how I've always been since I was a child.
That's just like you.
That's just the mood I'm in.
That's just the way you would phrase it.
That's Kasumi Mahiru.
That's lazy thinking. The judges want to see particularly unique idols.
That's Lily's way of life.
That's lovely!
That's me!
That's more like it.
That's more than enough.
That's my Ayumi-san!
That's my daughter out there!
That's my Lilienne!
That's my line.
That's my line! Thank you for getting the new admins up to speed for next year.
That's my Subaru-kyun!
That's Naruse Ayumi to you.
That's nerve-wracking.
That's nice and simple!
- That's nice to hear.
That's no good. How are you supposed to make a clean start to the new year?
That's nonsense!
- That's no problem. I didn't intend this to be a secret conversation anyway.
- That's no problem, I wasn't intending for this to be a secret conversation.
That's no problem. I wasn't intending for this to be a secret conversation.
That's not a bad idea, but I think talking about the brand ourselves would be better.
That's not a real answer...
That's not a real hint!
That's not enough.
That's not exactly right, but anyway!
That's not how it goes. Don't keep making the same mistakes!
That's not how it goes. Don't repeat the same mistakes!
That's not it.
That's not it. I just wasn't alone.
That's not my style.
That's not our only goal today.
That's not something just anyone could have done.
That's not the right line, you...
That's not true!
That's not true.
That's not true! Are you telling me you don't remember?
That's not true at all!
That's not true! Do you not remember?
That's not true. I didn't do it by myself.
That's not true, you were a huge help.
That's not what distracted me. I was just thinking about something strange I saw this morning.
That's not what I'm asking...
That's not what I mean.
That's not what I meant!
That's not what I meant.
That's not what it means.
That's okay. I'm sorry I wasn't able to help much.
That sometimes your performances are so amazing it's almost like you're another person.
That's one of my goals.
That's only made it more difficult to tell who'll make the Final Tournament.
That sound!
That sounds beautiful. Let's make this something your mom will love.
that sounds complicated.
That sounds cool.
That sounds easy!
That sounds exciting.
That sounds fanciful.
That sounds fun!
That sounds good.
That sounds good! Mahiru, is there any place you want to go?
That sounds good! Mahiru, is there any place you want to visit?
That sounds great to me.
That sounds just like...
That sounds kind of familiar for some reason...
That sounds like fun!
That sounds like it may be fun as well.
That sounds like it would be difficult.
That sounds nice.
That sounds rough.
That sounds so cool!
That sounds splendid.
That sounds tough.
- That sounds very intriguing.
That's our girl.
That's our living grab bag, Koharu-chan!
That's our master of dresses, Lily-senpai!
That's our rolling stone, Yuzu!
That's our Yuzu-senpai!
That sparkling feeling I got when I first wore a dress as an idol.
That's part of it, but I also want all of the shop owners and workers to have fun too.
- That's part of it, but I also want the shop owners and workers to enjoy it too.
That's Perfect Elza for you.
That's perfect! You should have a whole bunch of lunches then, right?
That's poetic.
That spot in S4 belongs to me.
That's precisely why.
That's preposterous!
That's pretty darn good.
That's pretty free-spirited of her.
That's pretty heavy first thing in the morning.
That's pretty much the same thing!
That's pretty normal. What a relief.
That's probably why some girls still don't realize they're sisters.
That's projection.
That's proof that you're serious.
That's quite intriguing.
That's reassuring!
That's ridiculous...
That's right!
That's right.
That's right...
That's right! And hey, speak for yourself.
That's right. And I would like to thank all of my fans out there for this opportunity.
That's right! Anyone's free to participate.
That's right. Berries are his favorite.
That's right. Even the Aikatsu System acknowledged you.
That's right... Everyone has things they're good and bad at.
That's right, how are things going for tomorrow's fashion show?
That's right! Hula dance isn't just for entertainment—it's a prayer to the gods.
That's right. I agree.
That's right! I met everyone, made S4, and did lots of Aikatsu too.
That's right! I should invite Mom and Dad to the concert!
That's right! It may be hard, but it's also fun!
That's right, it's just about Tanabata.
That's right! It was a very educational experience.
That's right. I want everyone who sees my Premium Rare Dresses to smile.
That's right. I was in the Song Class at first.
That's right, I was on stage...
That's right! Let's do our best!
That's right, look straight ahead.
That's right. Nice to meet you, I'm Nijino Yume.
That's right. Our song's about the unity of a team.
That's right. Raising the younger girls is only one of our duties.
That's right. She's always saying how amazing you are, and how proud she is to be your oldest friend.
That's right. These are the feelings I should pour into my song.
That's right. The song's about the unity of a team.
That's right. They were all shouting at each other.
That's right. This Blooming Queen Coord will take me to the number one spot of the Aikatsu Ranking.
That's right. This coord was made for a lover of nature like you.
That's right. This coord was made for someone who deeply loves nature, like you.
That's right, this is absolutely a part of our training.
That's right, this is a proper job.
That's right. This is no time to feel sorry for myself.
That's right, this is why I enrolled in this school...
That's right. This is work for us.
That's right, this song comes from my way of life.
That's right, this song is my way of life.
That's right! Tristar is unbeatable!
That's right up Lily-senpai's alley.
That's right. We'll be filming at different locations all around the continent.
That's right, we'll be third-years soon...
That's right, we never held the welcoming party for Investigator Ako.
That's right. We've got meetings every day, not to mention promotional work.
That's right, we've invited these two newly debuted idols here for you today.
That's right! We've invited these two newly debuted idols here for you today.
That's right. We won't lose.
That's right. We wrote the song to be about the team's unity.
That's right! You even came to the matriculation alone with Koharu-chan.
That's right, you two will be making a guest appearance on the show.
That's right. You two will be making a guest appearance on the show.
That's right, Yume-chan will definitely pull through.
That's right, Yuzu-senpai.
That's right! Yuzu's record is actually...
That's right! Yuzu's top record is actually...
That's S4's Christmas concert.
That's S4's dorm?!
That's so cool!
That's so cute!
That's so cute! I'm getting into this!
That's so generic.
That's so heartwarming!
That's so lovely!
That's some determination.
That's some guts you've got.
That's some incredible work ethic.
That's some nice rock!
That's some professionalism, gaining so much weight for a role.
That's some taste.
That's something you can't do without a strong radiance of your own.
That's something you should know better than anyone.
That's special Grade-up Glitter!
That's splendid.
That's still a secret!
That's still a secret for now!
That's still three short...
That's strange, just where is it?
That's strange. Just where is it?
That's such a funny coincidence.
That's such a waste!
That stance...
That startled me.
That's that, and this is this.
That's the Demon Lord's castle.
That's the end of the first half!
That's the forbidden room from the rumors.
That's the former ace of the volleyball team!
That's the game!
That's the gist of things, so get ready for the recording tomorrow.
That's the kind of Aikatsu I want to keep doing!
That's the kind of person my sister is!
That's the last big event of the year, isn't it?
That's the modeling advice I heard at the photoshoot.
That's the moment my dream was born.
That's the one!
That's the one.
That's the one thing you must never forget.
That's the part about you...
That's the plan, yes...
- That's the power of an unquestioned queen in S4.
That's the power of an unquestioned queen of S4.
That's the rockingest thing ever, baby!
That's the rumored forbidden room.
That's the secret.
That's the secret to victory.
That's the spirit!
That's the spirit.
That's the spirit, Koharu-chan!
That's the spirit of self-production!
That's the super ultimate curry, the spiciest one we have.
That's the thing. Juli-san...
That's the Tundra Diva for you.
That's the Tundra Diva, Shirogane Lily-san!
That's the way!
That's the way.
That's the way! Now, two!
That's the way, positivity is the best!
That's the way. Positivity is the best!
That's thirty whole minutes! Could you remind me at the last possible minute?
- That's this week's recording.
That's time!
That's too bad.
That's too bad. I'll invite you some other time.
That's too sudden... I couldn't possibly!
That's true.
That's true...
That's true. I'll try to do so myself.
That's true. I'll try to emulate it.
That stuff's totally possible.
That stupid shoebill wasn't cool at all.
That's two Aikatsu girls who fell down!
That summarizes the post-play performance program.
That's usually her best point, too.
That's usually her biggest strength, too.
That's very simple.
That's very wonderful!
That's what had you stumped?
That's what happens when you rush and only look forward.
That's what happens when you rush yourself and only look forward.
That's what I believe.
That's what I like to hear!
That's what I like to hear from my Four Star students!
That's what I should be saying!
That's what I thought at first too.
That's what I thought. You weren't tan, you just used a dark foundation.
That's what it means to be true rivals.
That's what I wanted to hear.
That's what I wanted to say.
That's what I want to be.
That's what I want to do...
That's what I want to hear.
That's what I want to know!
That's what I want to say.
That's what makes fashion so interesting!
That's what makes Hime-senpai so wonderful.
That's what makes me so upset and angry at you!
That's what makes things interesting.
That's what makes you a daughter of the Sakuraba family, Laura.
- That's what she's thinking.
That's what she's waiting for!
That's what three wins gets you.
That's what we can do right now!
That's what you get from Four Star Academy.
That's what you get from S4, the top idols of Four Star Academy.
That's what Yozora-senpai told you?
That's when I learned that I was the second to experience it.
That's when I thought about how I could reach each fan one at a time.
That's where I first saw Hime-senpai and S4 perform.
That's where I first saw Hime-senpai and S4's performance.
That's why...
That's why having someone close by to show you your potential is truly fortunate.
That's why I absolutely can't lose!
That's why I at least want to make this Premium Rare Dress myself.
That's why I believe we must plan to put in a little extra oomph to surprise everyone with.
That's why I believe we must prepare an extra oomph to surprise everyone with.
That's why I believe we must prepare a secret weapon to surprise everyone with.
That's why I can't afford to lose!
That's why I can't afford to waste time worrying about it here.
That's why I can't be with her.
That's why I don't have the time to waste hesitating here.
That's why I entrusted S4 to her.
That's why I figured Elza-san must be up and at her Aikatsu before anyone else.
That's why I find this so intriguing.
That's why I'm sitting it out.
That's why I said to let me do it!
That's why I said you should've been an octopus.
That's why it feels so good being praised by Elza-sama!
That's why it feels so good to be praised by Elza-sama!
That's why I think this'll be a good lesson for me!
That's why I trained so much harder than her.
That's why I try to provide strict guidance to the students, so they can have the strength to rise above their loneliness.
That's why I want all of you out there to have lots of dreams!
That's why I wanted us to have a pajama party.
That's why I wanted you to come and watch.
That's why I want to borrow Koharu-chan's power and make everyone shine.
That's why I want to deliver a Christmas song to everyone who can't go to a party due to work and such.
- That's why I want to deliver a Christmas song to everyone who has to work and can't go to a party.
- That's why I want to deliver a Christmas song to everyone who has to work or can't go to a party.
That's why I want to express my gratitude.
That's why I want to express my gratitude for that.
That's why I want to ignite a light in the hearts of everyone watching today.
That's why I want to lead Beauty Class to victory in the Fest.
That's why I want to make a place for her to come back to.
- That's why I want to sing it while holding everyone's emotions close.
- That's why I want to sing it while hugging everyone's emotions close to my chest.
That's why I want to sing it while hugging everyone's emotions tight.
That's why she wants her to learn from various jobs before debuting her Premium Rare Dress.
That's why, today...
That's why we've decided to remain at Venus Ark.
That's why you can understand their feelings of doubt better than anyone.
That's why you shouldn't have any regrets.
That's wonderful!
That's wonderful! Sky-Girl will fly together again!
That's your individuality!
That's Yozora for you! Yet another perfect and beautiful answer.
That's Yume-chan's bright idea!
That's Yume-chan, the rainbow idol.
That test is the Powerful Race Stage.
that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility that the future affords to me - You believe in possibility that the future affords to me - mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito Please listen to the music I'll play you in response
That there was something I was lacking.
That there was something I was missing.
That thing you're holding...
That too would be interesting, but it appears she has her own ideas.
That transfers directly into her way of Aikatsu.
That uniform...
That voice...
That was a battle for the ages.
That was a blast!
That was a difficult role, but you played it well.
That was admirable.
That was a fabulous performance.
That was a fabulous way to ring in the new year.
That was a fantastic performance.
That was a fantastic stunt!
That was a great performance!
That was a great song!
That was a job well done, Song Class first-years.
That was a job well done, Song Class freshmen.
That was all intended for Subaru.
That was a lovely performance, Elza-san.
That was a magnificent deduction.
That was amazing!
That was amazing, Ako-chan!
That was an amazing performance, Yume!
That was a nice expression! Thank you!
That was a phenomenal performance, Yume-chan, Laura.
That was astounding.
That was a superb smile!
That was a trap.
That was back when we were children.
That was close.
That was dangerous!
That was exemplary.
That was explosively awesome!
That was fantastic.
That was fantastic, Koharu-chan!
That was far beyond my expectations.
That was fun!
That was great, Koharu and Yume!
That was Hime-senpai's answer when last I questioned her.
That was hot!
That was incredible!
That was incredible, Yume-chan!
That was inspired, Yume-chan.
That was just one person's opinion.
That was my best performance, and it went exactly as I saw it in my head.
That wasn't my only reason.
That was obviously just a daydream!
That was on point.
That was our new show, What's the S in S4 for?! Did you all enjoy it?
- That was our recording from this week.
That was perfect!
That was perfect, Koharu-chan!
That was perfect. Let's keep it up for the broadcast.
That was perhaps the first time anyone had said anything different.
That was perhaps the first time someone had said anything so starkly different.
That was Saya-san, live on scene.
That was scene 18, where the protagonist awakens to rock.
That was so awesome! You shone brighter than ever before.
That was so embarrassing...
That was so entertaining!
That was so interesting!
That was so much fun!
That was so much fun.
That was so samurai! Very samurai!
That was splendid!
That was super amazing!
That was supposed to be Hime-senpai's stage.
That was supposed to be Nanakura Koharu-chan, right? You nailed it!
That was supposed to be Nanakura Koharu-chan, right? You're spot on!
That was terrible of her.
That was the best!
That was the best performance you've ever had.
That was the best S4 Selection I've ever seen, babies! You really got it on!
That was the best you've ever been.
That was the Boney Boney Brothers, with another spectacular performance!
That was the idea, wasn't it?
That was the most incredible performance you've ever had!
That was the true final exam.
That was this week's recording.
That was unbelievable just now.
That was, until...
That was when my dream was born.
That was when the aforementioned card flew in, I would like to follow up with seeing the princess diamond in question for myself.
That was when the card flew in, embedding itself into the wall.
That was Yume-chan's bright idea!
That was Yume-chan's nice idea!
That was yummy!
That weirdness of yours.
That went a lot more smoothly than when I was practicing alone!
That we should help each other in times of need.
That we would have to part...
That what a girl who can't leave her little sister alone looks like.
That whenever I took the stage, a strange power would give me a boost.
That will become the light that illuminates your path.
That will be it for today. Dismissed.
That will be the key to passing.
That will be the light that illuminates your path.
That will surely lead to another step in your growth.
That will surely lead to the realization of your desire.
That would be...
That would be a legitimately crazy stage!
That would be crazy.
That would be I, Kira Kanata.
That would be impossible.
That would be perfect!
That would be utterly impossible!
- That would explain why you overlooked Lily and Mahiru, both of whom already possess theirs.
That would explain why you overlooked Lily and Mahiru, who both already possess theirs.
- That would explain why you skipped over Lily and Mahiru, who both already have theirs.
That wouldn't get me going!
That would suggest that the culprit is someone who has free access to the mansion.
- That your dream's gonna come true! - Kimi no yume wo kanaete!
That you were happily eating away at the pastries?
The 2016 Koukadou Campaign Girl has been decided!
The 25th generation of S4!
The 25th S4 Generation!
The academy is facing a crisis.
The academy is going to hold a welcome party for us new students.
The academy is planning to hold a welcome party for us new students.
The academy lends stage time every day.
The academy's top stars are S4.
The Admins!
The admins are all next in line to S4's skill level, aren't they?
The admins are the most skilled people here after S4, aren't they?
The Admins, congrats!
The Admins, congratulations.
The admins manage to balance their school responsibilities with their own idol activities.
The admins manage to balance their school responsibilities with their own idol work.
The admins really don't get a moment of rest.
The Admins The Admins The Admins The Admins.
The Admins The Admins The Admins The Admins were wonderful.
- The admins will operate an animal-suit café specializing in tea parties called "Soothe" - The admins will operate an animal-suit café called "Soothe" - The admins are opening a café based around "soothing" where we will be hosting a tea party in animal suits, As well as a giant flower arrangement based
The Adminz will never fall!
The advice you gave me was perfect.
The Aikatsu girl fell... down!
The Aikatsu girl... fell down!
The Aikatsu next door eats cutlet a lot.
The Aikatsu of a new world! I can't contain my excitement!
The Aikatsu Ranking! A worldwide event where idols compete for the top spot.
The Aikatsu Ranking concluded, and the date Elza-san chose to close down Venus Ark approached.
The Aikatsu Ranking concluded, and Venus Ark's planned closing date drew closer.
The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is finally under way.
The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is under way, and the winner will be crowned the world's top idol.
The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is underway, and whoever wins will be crowned the world's top idol.
The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is well under way.
The Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament is well underway.
The Aikatsu Ranking has finally reached its climax.
The Aikatsu Ranking is held once every four years.
The Aikatsu Ranking was updated.
The Aikatsu System acknowledged her.
- The air around them is different.
The air is fresh.
The Amazing Idol Fes?
The amount's got nothing to do with it.
- The announcement is soon, so look forward to it!
The announcement of Venus Wave has become the talk of the town over here.
The announcements are up.
The annual soccer world tournament is going to be held once again at Kibougaoka Stadium.
The annual Soccer World Tournament is going to be held once again at Kibougaoka Stadium.
The answer is inside you!
The answer is inside your chest!
The answer is true.
The Aqua Starry Rock Coord.
The Arabian Sparkle Coord!
The Arabian Sparkle Coord has a coquetry befitting the Romance Kiss brand.
The Arabian Sparkle Coord has coquettishness befitting the Romance Kiss brand.
The area is currently wracked with severe storms, but they should clear up without a trace in no time.
Theater and Beauty Class in the finals...
Theater Class goes on in an hour.
Theater Class has laid claim to the beach area!
Theater Class is going to win!
Theater Class, Kisaragi Tsubasa...
Theater Class Right!
Theater Class, Saotome Ako!
Theater Class's been defeated?!
Theater Class Song Class Summer Fest Stage Laura...
- Theater Class - Song Class - Summer Fest Stage - Theater Class - Song Class - Summer Fest Stage What? Not Laura!
Theater Class's show...
Theater Class's show just started.
Theater Class students are all knowledgeable about the workings of live plays.
Theater Class's wall was breached too?!
Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class Beauty Class Beauty Class
Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Beauty Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class
- Theater Class! - Theater Class - Theater Class - Theater Class We did it!
Theater Class Whoa! What an incredible appeal from Dance Class!
Theater Class will come out on top next time.
Theater Class will rise to rule the Fest.
The audience is anticipating the premiere of S4 and first-year units - has audience hype at gargantuan levels.
The audience is hyped to see how the results of today's Fest will influence the outcome of the Aikatsu Ranking.
The audience will be very excited to see you put on the halftime show, and expectations raise the bar higher each year.
The axe!
The backstage?
The bagel sandwiches were from Hime-chan, and the smoothies from Yozora-chan.
The band's coords were Spice Chord's Season Dresses.
The battle has not yet begun.
The "Battle of the Sisters" is the cover story this issue.
The battle's only just begun.
The Beauty Class was just like a jewelry box full of all the pretty things in the world.
The Beauty Class was like a jewelry box with all the pretty things in the world in it.
The Beginning of Yume's Dream - Koharu-chan, you look like you were born for that uniform.
The benefits of this hot spring are...
The benefits of this hot spring is...
The best Aikatsu I can with my precious Star Wings!
The best color for Tsubasa-senpai has got to be a shade of blue.
The best dress is...
The biggest hurdle comes next.
The birthplace of Luksana-chan in the front.
The birthplace of Luxana-chan in the front.
The Blaise Lotus coord.
The blindingly bright first star!
The Blooming Queen Coord.
The blue base with leopard print is memorable, and really cool and cute!
the Blue Marching Coord.
The Blue Marching Coord.
The bonds we formed with Elza may have just been of our own imagining.
The Boney Boney Brothers pass the prelims at the top of the rankings!
The brand creator?
The brand is called FuwaFuwa Dream.
The brand is named FuwaFuwa Dream.
The broth is great too.
The bugs have gotten to it recently.
The caged bird has already taken off kago no tori wa mou tobitatta wa The caged bird has already taken off kago no tori wa mou tobitatta wa To the very ends of the barren wasteland kawaita kono kouya no hate e To the very ends of the barren wasteland
The cake is a mess!
The camera had a fault and didn't record anything.
The campfire!
The candy is yours.
The cat-eared Ako-chan, right?
The CD debut I've always dreamed of!
The center...
The center position...
The chairman of Kira Kira City's shopping district!
The changes in my schedule must have cast a large burden on you.
The chef'll prepare you the finest food from around the globe.
The chief of fashion is right here!
The chocolate commercials that air in the run-up to Valentine's Day are famous for always starring the most popular idols of the season.
The chocolate from my family's shop is delicious.
The chocolate from my family's shop is sweet and delicious.
The chocolate that you, my beloved, give to me for Valentine's is more precious than gems.
The chord of Spice Chord comes from a guitar chord.
- The chord of Spice Chord is derived from a guitar chord.
- The chord of Spice Chord is the same as a guitar chord.
The Chosen Stars.
The city's bustling with a heat never seen before tonight zawameku machi itsumo yori atsui tonight And nobody's calling for a special stage, all right tokubetsu na suteeji ja nakute ii desho Get on your marks when you hear the rhythm aizu wa nagareru rizumu When we all make it to the
The classes will be voted on by the local townsfolk, determining the victor in each area.
The class sorting auditions are almost here.
The class that answered the most questions is...
The clerk said she wouldn't mind if we took it.
The Clever Cub. And next...
The closest location is the Dress Make room.
The clumsy and slow kitten!
- The coloring and styles are like a different brand.
- The colors and shapes seem like a different brand's.
The colors and styles seem like a different brand's.
The commonality of those who are successful is the ability to do what is required.
The compass pointing to hope spins three-hundred-sixty degrees kibou wo sasu konpasu sanbyaku rokujuu do guru guru Every possibility calls the boat subete no kanousei ga fune wo yobu Let's set sail, set sail looking for adventure ai ni yukou tokimeki ni ai ni yukou Felicitai New Year The horizon glimmers in the distance
The compass pointing to hope spins three-hundred-sixty degrees kibou wo sasu konpasu sanbyaku rokujuu do guru guru The compass pointing to hope spins three-hundred-sixty degrees kibou wo sasu konpasu sanbyaku rokujuu do guru guru Every possibility calls the boat subete no kanousei ga fune wo yobu Every possibility calls the boat
The competing classes will be...
The competition for Song Class isn't going to disappoint. How fun!
The competition's specialty, tacos!
The concept is "unforgettable memories".
The concert is cancelled.
The concert's going to be held by the Four Star Academy first-years who passed that recent audition, right?
- The concert's going to be held by the Four Star first-years who passed that recent audition, right?
The concert will be steamed live on Aikatsu TV.
The concert will be streamed live on Aikatsu TV.
The condition for that is to satisfy a large audience.
The conditions have been met.
The cookies are quite sweet, so I think they'd go well with a bitter Darjeeling.
The cookies are quite sweet, so I think they would go well with the slightly astringent Darjeeling.
The correct pronunciation is pride.
The cream is so light and airy!
The cream is so thick and rich...
The cream puff, Yuuki Subaru!
The crowning!
The Crowning ceremony is now complete.
The Crowning is now complete.
The current S4 decided to take the lead in holding a surprise party to officially welcome them back.
The current S4 decided to take the lead in holding a surprise party to welcome them back.
The current S4 is a powerhouse, even considering all the previous generations.
The current S4 is a powerhouse, even when you put them up against previous generations.
The curtain has been drawn on this fateful audition.
The curtains are raising on the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament!
The curtains are rising on the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament!
The Dance Battle finals will begin momentarily.
- The Dance Battle finals will begin soon.
- The Dance Battle finals will soon be underway.
The Dance Class felt like being inside a toy box.
The dances were really interesting and filled me up with energy and power.
The date for the debut of the new brand FuwaFuwa Dream has been decided.
The day of Winter Fest fast approaches.
The Day Safari Coord.
The deadline to enter is in one week.
The debut of the new brand FuwaFuwa Dream has been scheduled.
- The deciding factor was their teamwork derived from their time as admins.
The deciding factor was the teamwork they developed during their time as admins.
- The deciding factor was the teamwork they developed in their time as admins.
The decision was unanimous.
The dedication you put into finding them is what I find really meaningful.
The defeated are gracefully to bow from the stage.
The defeated are to gracefully bow from the stage.
The Demon Lord's castle is so far away.
The Demon Lord's castle is that way, ribbit!
The Demon Lord's Forest is that way, ribbit!
The designers are sure to reconsider once they see me present a better idea than Hanazono Kirara.
The designers should reconsider their choice once I present a better idea than Hanazono Kirara.
The desire to create smiles with our dresses.
The Desire to Win.
The Desire to Win The Desire to Win The Desire to Win You all sparkle like CDs.
The destination will be the Suzukaze Plateau.
The Devil's familiar!
The diamond I saw in you was no fake.
The diamond may have been stolen, but you were the one who saw through her false injury and preempted her getaway car.
The different spices give it a complex flavor.
The director is devoting himself to making the best drama he possibly can.
The director's assistant...
The diva's on a break from school right now.
The dolphin!
The drama is titled...
The drama where I steal the show!
The Dreaming Princess Coord.
The Dreaming Princess Coord exudes a sweet and cute aura perfect for the My Little Heart brand.
The Dreaming Princess Coord exudes a sweetly cute aura perfect for the My Little Heart brand.
The dresses may have been amazing, but their idol levels were off the charts!
The dress has its origins in...
The dress of miracles residing in the center of the stars, able to illuminate even the darkest abyss!
The dress of miracles, ruler of the stars, able to illuminate even the darkest abyss!
The dress of miracles shining from the peak of the universe, able to illuminate any darkness.
The dress of miracles standing atop the peak of the universe, able to illuminate even the blackest darkness.
The dress shown in those photos was incredible.
The dress was custom made, so we don't have an extra!
The dress Yume-chan made today is gonna be on the tickets for the movie!
The Earth was formed 4.6 billion years ago!
The Edo Period?
The effort they devoted to take a step in a new direction exceeded ours.
The election midpoint update.
- The election update.
The Elza and Kirara team take first during the second stage!
The Elza Forte and Hanazono Kirara team.
The empty stage seemed lonely, so they decided to decorate it.
The encroaching Winter Fest this year is the Star Captor Festival.
The entire reason I'm here now is none other than you, Elza.
The entire reason I'm here now, without doubt, is thanks to you, Elza You opened the door to being an idol for me.
The entire school's been buzzing with Yozora-senpai and Mahiru-chan.
The entire surrounding area has been hit by a blackout!
The entry deadline is in one week.
The equipment disappeared!
The Eternal Rainbow Coord.
The evaluation is being held in this hall as a public judgement.
The evaluation will be provided by the public in this hall.
The event is a real success, Yuzu.
The event is proceeding well, Elza-sama.
The event looks to be heating up.
The event's finally tomorrow.
The event's tomorrow.
The extravagant cruise liner and idol school, Venus Ark, sails around the world collecting skilled idols, and now it's suddenly appeared at our port.
The face didn't really resemble you anyway.
The faintly sweet taste of honey remains.
The fairy girl wandered in looking for her missing fairy sister.
The fairy girl wandered in search of her missing fairy sister.
The fairy of victory will surely be on your side!
The fans seem to love them too.
The fashion show contest Grand Prix goes to...
The fateful third tickle boom arrived.
The fates have chosen me!
The feeling I got when I wore my first dress as an idol like the whole world was sparkling.
The feeling of love.
The Feeling of Love!
The feeling of love isn't anything to be ashamed of.
The Fest begins in one week.
The fever is making my mind hazy...
The final challenge is a marathon to the performance.
The final challenge is a marathon to the stage.
The final contestant is Hanazono Kirara.
The final dancers of the prelims have taken the stage!
The final day has come.
The final day of the S4 Selection with Song Class begins now!
The final scores will be determined by the judges' ratings and the audience's votes.
The finals have already started!
The finals of the Burning Summer Dance Battle start now!
- The finals of the Fiery Summer Dance Battle start now!
The Final Stage will be stood upon by Nijino Yume-san and Elza Forte-san!
The final step is to strengthen the heart and become our ultimate selves.
The Final Tournament...
The Final Tournament results will be determined by audience votes.
The Final Tournament will be decided by audience votes.
The final trial will be first thing in the morning tomorrow.
The finishing touch!
The finishing touches?
The first battle will take place here at our academy!
The first competitor is Elza Forte-san of Venus Ark, who recently announced her school will be closed.
- The first day is Dance Class.
The first dress that's even been mine alone, the Exotic Sunset Coord.
The first of this week's stage requests, Kasumi Yozora-san.
The first person it happened to was Hotaru-senpai.
The first round is dancing.
The first says to search for four enormous aligned stars inside the school.
The First Stage had Rei-san and me facing off.
The first stage is a true or false quiz!
The first stage is a true-or-false quiz!
The first stage is this...
The First Stage was a contest between me and Rei-san.
The first star!
The first star, huh.
The first-star idol shining brighter than anyone!
The first star, I see.
The first star, shining higher than everyone, and brighter than anyone else.
- The first states to search for the four enormous, aligned stars inside the school.
The first step of dressmaking...
The first task is button sewing.
The first task is sewing buttons.
The first thing we should do is secure a water source.
The first thing you've gotta do is reserve yourself a stage.
The first thing you've gotta do is reserve yourself a venue.
The first-year Haruka's energetic and funny and I love her!
The first-years made it. Do you like it?
The five of us together...
The five of you will be going on together, right?
The flashy entrance was just a ploy to trick us into thinking it was a prop.
The flavor varies dramatically depending on the ratio of vinegar to konbu and the time spent pickling it!
The floor is moving!
The Floral Fantasia Coord is adorned with my favorite flowers and plants.
The flower meaning of gerbera is "constant progress".
The fluffies on those pants are really nice! They're perfect for FuwaFuwa Dream!
The focal point is the blue rose.
The forbidden room...
The forecast said there was going to be a short but strong downpour over the island.
The foundation of an idol is her stamina, huh.
The foundation of every idol is her stamina.
The foundation of modeling is posture!
The foundation of singing lies in voice projection.
The founder?
- The four Classes are awaiting you!
The four Classes are awaiting you!
The four contestants are decided at the end of January.
The four fresh idols chosen today will decorate the opening with their colorful dresses.
The four glimmering stars, S4!
The four of us!
The Four Star Academy duo have climbed their way into fifth and sixth.
The Four Star Academy pair have taken the lead!
The Four Star Academy School Festival!
The Four Star Academy student council emergency meeting shall begin.
The Four Star Academy uniforms were swapped to the breezy summer versions too.
The Four Star Academy uniforms were swapped to the cool summer versions too.
The Four Star Film Festival starts now!
- The Four Star Movie Festival starts now!
The Four Stars shining upon the Aikatsu world.
The Four Stars spreading trickery through the land.
The Four Stars that light up the Aikatsu world.
The fourth area is the shopping district.
The French doll cake was created by the previous president...
The fresh fours' performance filled me up with energy.
The Fresh Idol...
The Frozen Queen Coord.
The fruit is overflowing!
The fundamental of singing lies in projection.
The further one reaches, the more one leaves behind." The more one reaches out to grasp, the more slips through one's fingers." As of this moment, my long held wish of creating my own brand has been granted.
The further one reaches, the more that falls from already within their grasp." Oh, sounds like today's proverb!
The fusion of a splendid fashion show and live concert.
The future me...
The girls all happened to be back in Japan, so I called them up for the surprise.
The girls all just got back in Japan, so I called them up for the surprise.
The girls band whose popularity is skyrocketing, Rock Rock Girls.
The girls band whose popularity is skyrocketing, Rock! Rock Girls!
The girls in S4 came up with idea after idea.
The girls of S4 have arrived!
The girls said that they'd be really happy with four-leaf clovers.
the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky Shooting tears across the glimmering night sky
The glorious Sun Dress!
The goddess of victory is fickle.
The gods?
The great Chinese thinker Lu Xun once said: "There is no need to look back, for before you lie countless roads to take." I know you'll be able to carve your own path, Laura.
The greatest martial art in the world is obviously karate.
The greatest performance!
The Greatest Performance.
The greatest proof of that is your possession of the Sun Dress.
The great nature of Finland is my everything.
The Green Shadow Coord.
The guest is a sheep idol?
The guests comprise some of Japan's most high quality singers.
The halftime show is a highly anticipated event, and as the bar is raised every year, expectations are high.
The halftime show is held to entertain all the fans in the stadium.
The hall is at full capacity.
The headmaster asked me to pass something on.
The headmaster has surprisingly bad social skills, you know.
The Headmaster's away on business today!
The headmaster saw his sister's suffering more than anyone else.
The headmaster wants to see you.
The heart ribbon looks perfect for you.
The high school's really close, so we'll be able to meet up easily too.
- The Hime Curry Plan!
The Hime Curry Plan!
- The Hime Curry Plan! - The Hime Curry Plan!
The hit idol group, Yume, Laura, and Lily.
The hope of Theater Class who we acted in that drama with.
The horizon glimmers in the distance - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Say Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte - Separate the blue line and cut through the wind Sekai wa donna ni mo utsukushiku atarashii kana
The horizon glimmers in the distance suiheisen ga kirari to hikatta - Say Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru - Say Bon Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - Bon Voyage! sora to umi to ga kasanaru
The hot spring at this hotel is at the perfect temperature, so it's popular amongst the elderly.
The hot wind from the tundra.
The ideals, dreams, and glimmering stars you were inspired to chase.
The idol favored to win lived up to her reputation, as Elza Forte-san took first place.
The idol pirate who plunders all.
The idol pirate who plunders the world dry.
The idol's a mermaid.
The idol school Venus Ark along with its owner and top idol Elza Forte-san suddenly appeared before us.
The idol school Venus Ark, along with its owner and top idol Elza Forte-san, suddenly appeared before us.
- The idols each compete by demonstrating their brand's charms to their fullest.
The idols from Starlight Academy, Oozora Akari-chan, Hikami Sumire-chan, and Shinjou Hinaki-chan.
The idols here come from a lot of different countries, right?
- The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols
- The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols
- The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols - The Idols The Idols - Watch Out For The Sister Battle!! - Watch Out For The Sister Battle!!
The idol uninhabited island competition ends with Soleil's win!
The idol we have chosen, from Four Star Academy, is Sakuraba Laura.
The individuality that refuses to be suppressed even after losing your individuality once is true individuality.
The infirmary.
The inner workings of the show...
The Innocent Prince Coord.
The instant Yozora-senpai stepped up, the entire atmosphere changed.
The intro?
Their band's fame nets them all scholarships into a music university.
Their dancing was really interesting and just filled me up with energy and power.
Their faces brightened up!
Their first laugh?!
Their intense battle is about to start!
Their intensity gets me going!
Their last challenge is to design a complete dress.
Their lesson's long begun.
Their music is good and all, but their outfits are amazing!
Their names were Laura-chan and Yume-chan?
Their next battle is already under way.
Their next battle is already underway.
Their next checkpoint is at the gym with M4.
Their next checkpoint is the gym with M4.
Their owner, Elza Forte, sails the world looking for top idols to bring aboard her ship.
Their passionate bond is even hot enough to melt my absolute-zero tundra heart.
Their performance afterwards was simply dazzling.
Their performance was seriously unbelievable.
Their performance was so amazing.
Their presence is on a different level.
- Their S4 stars are a different four colors from our S4, shining against the backdrop of their stage, their universe.
- Their singing was at least average, considering they're from Japan.
- Their singing was pretty decent for an idol from Japan.
Their singing was pretty decent for idols from Japan.
their stage were shining so brightly!
Their stars are a different four colors from our S4, shining at the center of their universe on stage.
Their summer theme of Asian Heroine fits perfectly.
Their sword of light that cuts open a path.
Their terms are appealing, but are you able to visit their Los Angeles studio?
The Judge's Choice award goes to...
The Judge's Choice award went to Nanakura Koharu-san.
The judges' rankings and audience votes will be added to calculate their final cumulative scores.
The judges' special award goes to...
The judges' verdict will be announced at the conclusion of the show.
The Kasumi family is too amazing.
The Kasumi sisters are finally going on stage together!
The Kasumi sisters will be sharing their first stage together!
The key point is the choker.
The key to modeling is posture!
The key will be having as big an impact on the judges as possible.
The key will be having as great an impact as possible on the judges.
The kids all look totally engaged!
The kids really seem to love it.
The Kira Kira Idol Christmas Night, huh.
The kitten was clumsy and slow!
The Ko-cafe will offer East-West fusion confectioneries.
The Koukadou Campaign Girl open audition!
The Koukadou Campaign Girl public audition!
The Lady of the Monaco royal family, Yukie Grace Forte, has honored us with a presence in Japan.
The last challenge is to design a complete dress.
The last Christmas they can be together?
The last contestant is Hanazono Kirara.
The last one...
The last recording spot.
The last stage of the Koukadou campaign unit audition is...
The last step is supposed to just be cooling and solidifying.
The last task is a test of your singing ability before a live audience.
The last test is this!
The last time?
The last votes for the Final Tournament have been tallied!
The last was a trick question! It says "Tokyo" no matter which way you read it!
- The lessons I learned at Four Star Academy, and the time I devoted to S4, are my irreplaceable treasures.
The lessons I learned at Four Star Academy and the time I devoted to S4 are my irreplaceable treasures.
The liberal use of frills and layered skirts bring out the image of a parfait.
The lighting.
the light of individuality kosei no hikari wo musundara But we're connected by the light of individuality kosei no hikari wo musundara It's glittering magic that draws constellations in the sky seiza ni naru mahou no kirameki gurittaa It's glittering magic that draws constellations in the sky seiza ni naru mahou no kirameki gurittaa
The lights...
The light scent of citrus kaori wa awai shitorasu The light scent of citrus kaori wa awai shitorasu Like a fruit wet with dew urunda kajitsu Like a fruit wet with dew urunda kajitsu A swipe of lip gloss is my magic gurosu de kakeru mahou A swipe of lip gloss is my magic
The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it Aikatsu! Aikatsu!
The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it Show me how serious you can be Show me how serious you can be Hime-senpai!
The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it The light's pointing to skies so far, but our wishes won't lose to it
The light's pointing to skies so far hikari wa motto tooi sora But our wishes won't lose to it negai wa maketari shinai Show me how serious you can be honki no kimi wo matteru Everything within sight can someday change the world miru mono subete ga sekai wo kaeteiku
The light's pointing to skies so far negai wa maketari shinai But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it
The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far hikari wa motto tooi sora hikari wa motto tooi sora But our wishes won't lose to it But our wishes won't lose to it negai wa maketari shinai negai wa maketari shinai Show me how serious you can be
The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far Laura! Look!
The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far The light's pointing to skies so far
- The likes of which they've never seen before.
The little mermaid Marissa you're acting as pined for a human super idol.
The little mermaid Marissa you're playing pines for a human super idol.
The Lost Laura.
The lotus flowers and purple color express pure sexiness.
The lucky winner who created this dress is...
The luxury of freedom is not allowed to me.
The main event will be the Broadway Dream show, with S4 at its center!
The main venue will be the plaza by the train station.
The main venue will be the train station plaza.
The manager of this place really liked your singing.
The Mars Star Premium Rare Coord.
The match has been decided, Ako Saotome.
The mature vest and showy gold make it stand out.
Theme?
The melody inside me is out of control.
The melody's out of control, this love rock and roll!
The Melty Flower Fairy Coord.
The Melty Pink Bell Coord.
The Melty Yellow Bell Coord.
The members of S4 even found time in their schedules to make guest appearances.
The members of S4 will have to find envelopes containing them hidden at locations given to them in clues.
The mercilessly encroaching solitude will never stop me semattekuru kodoku nanka ja tomerarenai wa In the end, I couldn't figure out what I need to beat Elza-san.
The Mercury Star Premium Rare Accessory.
The Midsummer Top Dancer.
the Milky Venus Coord.
The miracle dress that reigns over the planets, able to illuminate even the darkest abyss.
The miraculous dress possessing the sun's radiance...
- The miraculous dress that reigns over the planets, able to illuminate even the darkest abyss.
- The miraculous dress that reigns over the planets, able to illuminate even the darkest abysses.
The mirror's so big!
The mock exams will come again.
The model?
The model followed Elza onto her ship.
The model was enchanted by Elza's radiant light.
The moment I first saw Elza-san's Star Wings, I felt a spark ignite within my breast.
The moment we decided to prepare our own surprise party, you can say the surprise was a success.
The Moon and the Sun.
The Moon and The Sun The Moon and The Sun The Moon and The Sun We will now announce the results of the aptitude tests.
The Moon Dress!
The Moon Dress, emitting an everlasting glimmer.
The Moon Dress... One day, for sure...
The Moon Dress... One day, without fail...
The moonwalk is originally a technique in which your feet appear to be moving forward, while in reality you actually slide yourself backwards!
The more you try to conceal them, the bigger they grow.
The morning drama, "Rise of a CA".
The morning drama, "Rise of a Flight Attendant".
The most brightly shining star in the sky.
The most critical thing for us to do now is demonstrate our full power, just as our predecessors did.
The most critical time to demonstrate our full power is on our way out, just as our predecessors did.
The most elusive trio.
The most important thing for a unit is for each of its lights to shine with their hearts as one.
The most important thing is how it expresses all three of us in a unit together.
The most important thing is how to express all three of us in this unit.
The most important thing is to self-produce.
The most important thing is to show our fans a good time!
The most important thing is to trust in all of your past efforts.
The most important thing is your friends.
The most important thing to me is to let everyone shine their brightest.
"The most important thing to remember up on stage is to smile.
The most important thing to remember up on stage is to smile.
The muse itself?
The Music Show asked for you specifically!
The Music Show requested you specifically!
- Then...
Then!
Then Above the Clouds...
Then after graduation...
Then again...
Then all of our problems would be resolved!
Then allow me to accompany you.
Then allow me to say this as the brand's owner: Your skills as a designer are, how should I put it... unripe.
Then all you can do is go look for it.
Then all you can do is go out and look for it.
Then a question for you, Sakuraba.
Then are you saying our refreshments...
Then are you saying that I'll never be able to beat Yume's individuality no matter how hard I try?!
The Naruse Ayumi and Aoyama Naho team.
Then as a special service, I will provide one more.
Then at the height of her popularity, she suddenly retired.
The natural result was these Romance Kiss Doll Coords.
Then bring it on!
The Neptune Star Premium Rare Coord.
The nerves and pressure, the excitement and anticipation, I'll mix it all together and just have fun out there!
Then everyone who supports me and all of my friends might leave me.
- Then everything changes when they form a rock band.
The New Princess is one of the spotlight plans for Four Star Label.
The new S4 is in your hands.
The new S4 of Beauty Class is Kasumi Mahiru!
The new S4 of Song Class who will illuminate the path ahead is...
The new S4 of Theater Class is...
The new S4 representative of Theater Class is...
The news that you came back leaked on KirakiLine.
The news that you're back here leaked out through KirakiLine.
The news that you were back leaked on KirakiLine.
The new students have been sorted into classes and begun their Aikatsu in earnest.
The new students have sorted into their classes and begun their Aikatsu in earnest.
- The New Year Triathlon has entered its third and final bicycling phase.
The next Ai...
The next challenge you will all be facing is...
The next competition will be between you and me.
The next event here at the aquarium is the quiz show!
The next event is the quiz show in the aquarium area!
The next shot we had planned was the last scene, where Tsubasa-san jumps from a cliff.
The next step is sauteing the onions...
The next step is sautéing the onions...
The next student council president is gonna be Koharu-chan!
The next time I see her, I'd like to tell her thank you in person.
The next time you need help, I'll run straight to your side!
The next time you need help, I'll run to your side in a flash!
The next train is now approaching platform 1.
The next train won't make it for the concert.
Then finally...
Then finish it with yogurt and whole tomatoes.
Then how about this?
Then I can shine to bring out the brilliance in everyone!
Then I can't see her right away.
Then I don't know what...
Then I encountered Yume Nijino, the idol Hime singled out.
The night breeze feels so nice.
The nights are still a bit chilly around this time.
The nights are still a bit chilly this time of year.
Then I guarantee you'll be fine.
Then I guess I'll take the mint one.
Then I had to consider who would be the ideal partners.
The Nijino Yume and Shirogane Lily team.
Then I know just the thing for you!
Then I learned the world was full of unfamiliar things.
Then I'll come too!
Then I'll go too!
Then I'll grate the garlic.
Then I'll indulge.
Then I'll just have to show you!
Then I'll never be able to get into S4!
Then I'm glad.
Then I no longer have any use for a wingless fairy!
Then in the Second Stage, Elza-san faced Mahiru-chan.
Then in the Showa Period, we have my dad as a violinist, and my mom as a pianist.
Then in the Showa Period, we have my dad the violinist, and my mom the pianist.
Then, I thought about how I could reach each fan, one by one.
Then, I thought about who my ideal partners would be.
- Then it's a race to see which of us can become the first-star idol first.
Then it's decided!
Then it's decided.
Then I've got a special treat for you.
Then I've got the perfect idea!
Then I will have no choice but to remove her from Four Star Academy.
Then I will make my brand, Perfect Queen, the best in the world.
Then just try...
Then, Laura-chan...
Then let's begin.
Then let's go ask!
Then let's go fish for ideas!
Then let's split into teams and start preparing right away.
Then let's treat Monica's cuticles.
Then let us have you witness the Aikatsu of Venus Ark with your own eyes.
Then like the others, you're gunning for first?
Then Mahiru-chan and I will be competing too.
Then maybe I'll try that next time.
Then maybe you're not cut out to be an actress.
Then next up...
Then Nijino Yume will no longer have to fear losing the ability to sing.
Then on the third day, Beauty Class had a surprise twist!
Then on the third day, Beauty Class provided a surprising twist!
The no-sleeve top adds a cool flair!
Then she must've been practicing in secret.
Then she's surely look straight at Kirara again!
Then she's sure to look straight at Kirara again!
Then she strung together top-notch performances to bring her to this point.
Then sprint straight towards it, like you did just now.
Then stick with it.
Then that could lead to a drought, and nobody would want that!
Then that I shall.
Then that means!
Then that means...
Then that means you're free until then.
Then that rumor about the ghost...
Then that's decided! On to the next step!
Then that suggests the culprit was likely someone who could freely enter and leave the mansion.
Then the garlic and coriander.
- Then, the headmaster sent us to be exchange students at Venus Ark, - Before we knew what was happening, the headmaster told us we'd be going to Venus Ark as exchange students.
Then the motivation just burst inside me!
Then the next hint.
Then the person in this room is...
Then there's...
Then there's a quiz, flower arranging, and other types of competitions.
Then there's nothing to be afraid of.
Then there's only one thing to do.
Then there's physical exercise, plus lessons for singing, dancing, modeling, and acting.
Then there's scene 7. You need to work harder to bring out the character of an investigator.
Then there's the second point.
Then there's the stage performance. Both aspects are absolutely necessary to an idol.
Then the rest of us will take the tickles along with Mahiru-chan.
- Then there's Yuri-chan, possessing the dual strengths of precision performances and Dress Make skills.
Then there's Yuri-chan, with her dual strengths of sharp performances and Dress Make skills.
- Then there's Yuri-chan, with the dual strengths of sharp performances and Dress Make skills.
Then the second, and finally...
Then the stage must still be...
Then the whole thing will be recordings.
Then the whole thing will end up like that.
Then this one's for Yume-chan.
Then try and make it up here!
- The number I sold for my first live.
The number of seats in the hall, how many tickets there are, your fan satisfaction rate, and more.
The number of Star Wings—in other words, Star Premium Rare Coords, is said to be nine in total.
The number of tears.
The Number of Tears The Number of Tears The Number of Tears HUSSLE HUSSLE HUSSLE HUSSLE HUSSLE HUSSLE MUSCLE MUSCLE MUSCLE MUSCLE MUSCLE MUSCLE Now we're ready!
The nurse is out.
Then was what you said yesterday...
Then we absolutely have to use matching Romance Kiss dresses.
Then, were would that be?
Then we use wax to rein in her straggly hair, and we're done!
Then we've got no choice but to overcome it together!
Then what about my concert on Saturday?
Then what about my live on Saturday?
Then what about the culprit?
Then what about your new push-up record?
Then what are you wearing right now?
Then what do you think about this one?
Then what happens if they succeed in hindering them and they're unable to find an S before the time limit?
Then what's been the most fun Aikatsu you've done recently?
Then what should I say?
Then what should I use?
Then what's your favorite fruit?
Then what you said yesterday...
Then when you place Grade-up Glitter on top...
Then who could it be?
Then why?
Then why don't the two of us use this time to explore the campus?
Then why don't we just get another projector?
Then why don't you keep being an idol until you find your next goal?
Then why do you look so anxious?
Then why not stop thinking about it?
Then would you like to come with us?
Then would you mind lending me a hand?
Then would you simply attend the press conference?
Then you'd be fine if I went with another girl?
Then you'd go...
Then you hold it up for the camera before your first bite.
Then you'll just have to do it.
Then you'll lose your ability to sing, much like I did.
Then you must at least have a date with him.
Then you must go.
- Then you're just scared of failing.
Then you're not?
Then you stepped in for the prince's friend!
Then you stepped in to play the prince's friend!
Then you too shall become a big star.
Then you've got no choice but to sell those tickets yourself!
Then you will become a big star yourself.
Then... Yume-chan.
The offer for you to play the lead in the next movie went up in smoke.
The one from the movie!
The ones who were selfish and sent them are baa!
The one to claim the academy area is...
The one to gather the most candy will be none other than I, Saotome Ako!
The one-week countdown to the class sorting auditions starts now.
The one where she finds out your true identity as an attendant to the Sea King?
The one who ain't shining here is you.
The one who hasn't accomplished anything is me.
The one who will gather the most candy is none other than I, Saotome Ako!
The one with you and me.
The only idols from Four Star who are entered in the Aikatsu Ranking are Yume-chan, Laura-chan, and Mahiru-chan.
The only one who can answer that question is you yourself.
The only person who could call me the worst when everyone else said I was a top model was you.
The only requirement is to sing a set piece we've decided.
The only thing I can say to my rival Yume are words of gratitude.
The only way for me to get there is to train!
- The only words I have for my rival Yume are words of gratitude.
The other classes have come up with their own tactics too, so we can't let up one bit.
The other finalists are all championship caliber. You need to conserve your strength.
The other finalists are all of a professional level. You need to conserve your strength.
The other girl in four is... oh!
The other girls in Dance Class didn't make it, so all their hopes lie with me.
The other members are...
The others are waiting for you.
The others will proceed at my pace.
The outside is full of danger.
The owner and top idol?
The owner and top idol, Elza-san, is scouting around the world for idols who measure up to her standards.
The owner and top idol, Elza-san, is scouting only the best idols she can find from around the world.
The owner and top idol of Venus Ark...
The owner, Elza Forte, sails the world looking for top idols to bring aboard her ship.
"The pain of parting is nothing to the joy of meeting again." Or so said an English novelist.
The participants for the final stage - you must be one of the first two pairs to reach the goal.
The party has reached its peak, and what better time could there be to hold our shocking, astounding, surprise performance!
The passing group is... this one!
The passionate bond is even hot enough to melt my absolute-zero tundra heart.
The passionate bond is hot enough to even melt my absolute zero tundra heart.
The people who support me and even my friends might leave me.
The perfect designer.
The performance will begin momentarily.
The person who was supposed to jump off the cliff for Tsubasa-senpai can't come.
- The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical Dance Class Musical Come on! Let's all dance together!
- The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - Dance Class Musical - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the
- The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the - The Phantom of the
The Pink Marching Coord.
The place was packed.
The plan for next year's high school application pamphlet is to cover it with Nikaidou's picture.
The plan is to feature Nikaidou on next year's high school application pamphlet.
The plot features a love triangle with them fighting over my mermaid character!
The plot focuses on a love triangle with them fighting over my mermaid character!
The Pluto winged Star Premium Rare Coord.
The Pluto-winged Star Premium Rare Coord.
The points from yesterday's fashion show got added, and I raised to a higher rank.
The point where S4 are waiting!
The "pop" that FuwaFuwa Dream should strive for!
The "pop" that FuwaFuwa Dream strives for!
The power of fashion is absolute!
The power of your bond was resounding.
The power to control oversee all lies with the Sun Dress.
The Premiere Berry Coord.
The Première Berry Coord.
The president of Kira Kira City's shopping district!
The press can come forward.
The press is here to interview you.
The pride of S4 rests on this!
The prim and proper prince whose blood runs hot, Igarashi Nozomu!
The Princess Diamond...
The Princess Diamond Case Aikatsu Detectives!
The Princess Diamond Case Saotome Ako, was it?
The problem is the seventh.
The producer will be none other than the top star of Theater Class, Tsubasacchi!
The program has a segment called the Anything Ranking.
The proof lies with the top idol of our class.
The purpose a dress serves?
The purpose of a dress?
The purpose of a dress... That is...
The purpose of the dress is...
- The purpose of this contest is in large part a test of your courage.
The quadrennial Aikatsu Ranking was held over the last year.
The qualifying classes are...
The race begins at noon tomorrow.
The racers are neck and neck!
The radiance of Mahiru's sky!
The radiance of Mahiru's sky was dazzling!
The radiance of S4...
The radiance of S4 is...
The radiance of witches is...
The radiance she gave off when she donned the Sun Dress...
The rainbow accents are super cute!
The Rainbow Confectionery famous for their chocolate brownies as rich as ganache?
The rainbow cream puff that's been part of the shop's specialty menu since it opened.
The rainbow cream puff that's been part of the specialty menu since the shop opened.
The Rainbow Étoile Coord.
The rainbow... idol?
The rain stopped!
The ratio of vinegar to konbu and the time you pickle it dramatically changes the flavor!
The raw diamond I saw in you was no mistake.
The raw diamond that will succeed Hime-chan...
The raw diamond to follow Hime-chan...
There!
There.
The real battle starts now, for both you and myself.
The real candy is up here.
The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now naritai watashi ni nare! bouken shiyou yo I'll become who I want to be!
The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now The real challenge starts now
The real deal...
The real fight starts now.
The real fight starts now. We won't lose!
The real issue is whether Nijino will be able to stand on her own from now on.
There, all done.
There, all fixed.
There, a present for you.
There are abundant forests and majestic lakes. You can even see the aurora at night.
There are all sorts of notes.
There are all sorts of shops and events, but this year's main event has got to be this!
There are a lot of foreign fans here.
There are a lot of things that are better with opposites!
There are always hidden caves behind waterfalls!
There are countless difficulties awaiting us on the voyage known as life.
There are drama recordings, magazine interviews, and New Year's shows to attend.
There are fakes too, so make sure you find the real one!
There are fresh idols everywhere you look!
There are heaps of things left to do.
There are infinite ways to design a dress, huh?
There are just as many kinds of beauty.
There are little tips and tricks to baking that you can't find in books.
There are little tricks to baking that you won't find in books.
There are lots of opposites that go well together!
There are many more than last year with acting experience.
There are nine parts... and all of them were Yuzu-senpai!
There are nine total pairs of Star Wings in the world.
There are none who can stop me now.
There are no openings...
There are no others. You and I will be the only ones.
There are now nine pairs of Star Wings in the world.
There aren't any good outfits left!
There aren't any shoots today, so I got permission to use this room.
There aren't any swan boats left.
There are only a few minutes left until Hime-senpai goes on.
There are people waiting for the idol, Shiratori Hime.
There are plenty of snacks too.
There are plenty of special people all around us!
There are rumors circulating about a suspicious creature on campus.
There are so many.
There are so many Ako-chan and Kiraras.
There are so many clothes...
There are so many dresses I've never even imagined.
There are so many people!
There are so many people.
There are so many people here despite the break.
There are so many stars!
There are so many visitors!
There are some things only those who share a stage can understand.
There are some things only those who share the same stage can understand.
There are some things you need to experience firsthand to fully understand.
There are times when an idol must come to bear an unimaginably cruel tale.
There are times when an idol must come to endure an unimaginably cruel tale.
There are too many to list, but for instance...
There are two critical points.
There are wrinkles on your forehead.
The reason I became an idol was to show up my sister.
The reason I have summoned you is as you suspect.
The reason it's big?
The reason my mouth is so big...
The reason that fan was late, the reason they forgot the lunches, and the reason the train and stage lights lost power.
The reason your fan was late, the reason you forgot the lunches, We'll take on the true challenge...
There can be no doubt! That is without question the Sun Dress!
The red carpet!
The red color is a bit strong, but that's why we'll also apply a translucent gloss.
The red roses and gold crown motif are magnificent.
There, finished drawing today's coord.
Therefore, any support would be superfluous.
Therefore, I want to use a different accent this time.
Therefore, Rei-sama has been awarded an equivalent amount of points.
Therefore, this year will be a collaboration.
Therefore we will be holding a fan appreciation tour for a few lucky lottery winners.
Therefore we will be holding a fan appreciation tour for those who are picked in a lottery.
Therefore, we will now go to patrol the campus and disprove these rumors once and for all.
Therefore, we will patrol the campus and dispel these rumors once and for all.
Therefore, your support is unnecessary.
There, found her!
The rehearsal must be starting soon!
There I got to see Hime-senpai, Yozora-senpai, and Tsubasa-senpai all together for the first time in a while.
There I'll take first and become the true perfect idol.
There, I'll take first place and become the true perfect idol.
There... in your heart?
There is?
There is a different idol I must first plunder.
There is a girl who is unafraid of facing solitude kodoku wo osorenai onna no ko ga iru kodoku wo osorenai onna no ko ga iru Because partners just as courageous onnaji yuuki wo motteru onnaji yuuki wo motteru stand by her side nakama ga iru nakama ga iru episode Solo
There is a proper way to eat steak.
There is a reason I brought you here, and you know it, do you not?
There is a segment titled the Anything Ranking during the program.
- There is but a single theme of Fall Fest—three-person units.
There is much to gain from lessons with others.
There is no battle I cannot win.
There is no break in our work, so it does not feel like much of a vacation.
- There is no break in our work, so it is not much of a vacation.
There is no cause for concern.
There is no correct path to be found.
There is no greater martial art than kendo anywhere in the world.
There is none!
There is no need for a top idol like you to concern yourself with an inexperienced newcomer.
There is no need for you, the top idol, to concern yourself with an inexperienced rookie.
There is no need to be concerned.
"There is no need to look back, for before you lies countless roads to take." The fourth day of the S4 Selection for Song Class has concluded, and with it comes the end of the Selection.
There is no other. You and I will be the only ones.
There is no rain without end. Some things can only be discovered by stopping for a moment.
There is no "right" path anywhere in this world.
There is not a single person who can stop me now.
There is not a single thing without meaning in life.
There isn't even a hint like the others had.
There isn't much time remaining until the contest.
There isn't much time until the contest.
There isn't. My error was to visit Venus Ark last night in an attempt to deepen our relationship.
There isn't. My greatest error was to visit Venus Ark last night in order to deepen our relationship.
There is something I wish to tell you before our graduation.
There is something I wish to tell you before we graduate.
There is something you are overwhelmingly in want of.
There is so much here I've never seen before. Why is that?
There is still something I lack.
There is very likely to be a quiz show held here.
- There. I think this is just about everyone there is.
There. I think this is just about every one there is.
There it is!
There it is, her tile splitting!
There it is! Nijino Yume-san will be the center of Song Class!
There it is, the brick break!
The release date is the same as your CD.
The release date is the same as your CD's.
- The release date will be September 8, correct?
The released Teachers have all convened to hinder the last remaining contestant!
There'll be plenty more chances to compete with Yume in S4 after this.
There may even be some of you considering transferring out or returning to your homeland.
There must be a lot on your plate.
There! Next, I'll take another like this one and... perfect!
There, now that looks nice.
There, now turn!
There! Now turn!
There once was a house on the outskirts of a forest.
There really are.
There're no openings...
There's a boatload of things you must take care of before matriculation.
There's absolutely nothing else like this!
There's a chance.
There's a continuation to that story.
There's a dance number in here too.
There's a four-leaf clover here?
There's a girl who was secretly keeping a turtle.
There's a good girl.
There's a heliport on our roof.
There's a heliport on the roof.
There's a huge fanbase for your drama.
There's a huge fanbase watching your drama too.
There's a lot we need to think about.
There's an app for it on the Aikatsu Mobiles.
There's an endless amount of dreams out there.
There's an endless number of dreams out there.
There's an equipment failure.
There's a paper fortune inside.
There's a part of the dance I don't get.
There's a second part to that story.
There's a test?!
There's a ton of messages here from all your fans.
There's a trash can behind you.
There's a treasure hidden somewhere in the park, so get into pairs and try to find it!
There's a wide assortment of snacks.
There's a Yuzu proverb if I've ever heard one.
There's a Yuzu proverb, if I've ever heard one.
There's been an equipment failure.
There's definitely a shortcut this way.
The resemblence is uncanny, isn't it?
There's far too much to point out.
There's finally a lull.
There's free taiyaki for all!
There's going to be a fashion model contest just for the Beauty Class first-years.
There's greenery and flowers everywhere you look.
There's greenery and flowers wherever you look.
There's hardly any time left!
There's hardly time to rest between all the heavy lifting, much less get to learn from Hime-senpai's singing.
There she is!
There she is, the Ako kitty!
There shouldn't be any need for you to take this kind of audition, Elza.
There's just one more reason why she's known as Perfect Elza.
There's just one thing I want to confirm.
There's just something missing if your only trait is being cool.
There's more than a few problems with it.
There's more than enough time for seconds.
There's more than just one way to get to the plateau.
There's more than one way to get to the plateau.
There's more to being an idol than just stamina.
- There's more to you than being someone for Elza-san to watch over.
There's more to you than just being someone for Elza-san to watch over.
- There's more to you than just someone for Elza-san to watch over.
There's my pride and joy, Nikaidou!
There's Nijino Yume-chan!
There's no better motivation than having something to reach.
There's no better word to describe you in the Sun Dress.
There's no better word to describe your figure in the Sun Dress.
There's no chance she'll be able to make it.
- There's no dress fitter to be worn for the S4 Selection.
- There's no dress more worthy of being worn for the S4 Selection.
There's no end to the mountain of things we need to do.
There's no guarantee it'll work out...
There's no need for affirmation!
There's no need for a teary farewell.
There's no need for my help...
There's no need for that. I will claim my spot at the top of Theater Class in S4.
There's no need for us teachers to step in.
There's no need to be on edge.
There's no need to be on edge. We're equally students of the same school.
There's no need to fret so long as you properly convey your feelings.
There's no need to fret so long as your feelings get through.
There's no need to hold back.
There's no need to thank me.
There's no need to work yourself up.
There's no need to worry. She's my friend.
"There's no point if I can't be the top idol of Song Class." Did I get it right?
There's no point in doing the same thing everyone else does.
There's no point in having a weak rival.
There's no point in wasting time here.
There's no point participating if you don't go for the top.
There's no point worrying!
There's no reason for me to feel confident.
There's no reason to choose an audition you already know has a tough rival!
There's no reason to sacrifice yourself for someone else's shine.
There's no sender on here.
There's no space...
There's not a single thing to criticize.
There's no telling what's good until we try.
There's no telling what will happen.
There's not enough time to practice a new song...
There's nothing. All I can do is wait for the rain to stop.
There's nothing more that we can do about it.
There's nothing to fear beyond this expansive blue sky osoreru koto nado nai kono aozora no mukou ni There's nothing to fear beyond this expansive blue sky osoreru koto nado nai kono aozora no mukou ni There's nothing to fear beyond this expansive blue sky osoreru koto nado nai kono aozora no mukou ni
There's nothing to guide you.
There's nothing wrong with being cheered up by your fans.
There's no time! I need you all.
There's no time, so I'm expecting you to get on it.
There's no time to complain.
There's no time to leap ahead, so start the gag and trip over...
There's no time to waste!
There's no time to waste.
There's no time to waste, on to the next!
There's no time until departure!
There's not much time, but I'm confident we'll be able to pull it off.
There's not much we can do.
There's no "together" about it.
There's no way!
There's no way I could be an admin!
There's no way I could've made it this far on my own.
There's no way she could've been so perfect otherwise.
There's no way she'd be able to return so perfectly otherwise.
There's no way she'd stop at a hundred!
There's no way she's okay.
There's no way we can.
There's no way we can afford to miss her performance.
There's no way we could do that, so the best option is to assign us all roles.
There's no wrong way to love.
There's no wrong way to love another.
There's one important thing you must remember if you want to be the brightest star.
There's one month left before the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament.
There's one month left until the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament.
There's one more place I want to swing by, so could you two head back first?
There's one of her proverbs!
There's one phrase you have to learn manabu kotoba aru hazu yo There's one phrase you have to learn manabu kotoba aru hazu yo There's one phrase you have to learn manabu kotoba aru hazu yo take off and fly away and go ahead take off and fly away and go ahead
There's only half an hour until filming for your song show!
There's only one choice for me.
There's only one choice for me...
There's only one color for me...
There's only one day until Fall Fest.
There's only one more until all the Star Wings have appeared.
There's only one spot in S4, but you both encourage each other in your Aikatsu.
There's only one spot in S4, but you each encourage each other in your Aikatsu.
There's only one thing I have to do right now!
There's only one thing I must do right now!
There's only one thing that could mean.
There's our proverb!
There's plenty left!
There's plenty of time, no need to push.
There's plenty of time. No need to push.
There's quite a big difference in the points you can get from each event.
There's quite a large distribution of points depending on which you do.
There's so many!
There's something I'd like to discuss!
There's something I'd like to eat for lunch.
There's something I'd like to eat for lunch. Do you mind?
There's something I'd like to talk about.
There's something I learned from helping you make your dress.
There's something I learned while studying at Venus Ark.
There's something I want to show you.
There's something the headmaster asked me to pass on.
There's something wrong with judging a person's ability without seeing them perform.
There's somewhere I'd like to go!
There's somewhere I'd like to visit!
There's so much...
There's so much fun in store for Aikatsu this year that I can't contain my excitement!
There's so much I need to thank Koharu-chan and the others for.
There's so much I want to ask you, Koharu-chan!
There's so much I want to talk about, but I can't find the words.
There's so much more I wanted to learn from you!
There's still more?!
There's still much more to go.
There's still plenty of time!
There's still plenty of time.
There's still so much more I wanted to learn from you!
There's still time, right?
There's still time until the S4 Selection.
The rest depends on you.
There, step to the rhythm!
There, step with the rhythm!
There's that too, but I want to see the film set!
There's this much?!
There's this old man who keeps on tongue-lashing me.
There's this old man who keeps tongue-lashing me.
There's this small circle we overlooked on the map.
The rest is up to you!
The rest is up to you, Vice President Laura-chan!
The rest of the garden seems livelier as well.
The rest of the girls in Dance Class dropped out and placed all of their hopes on me.
The rest of the vegetation looks more lively as well.
The rest of us have already dropped out in the prelims.
The rest of us returned to Four Star Academy, our time studying abroad over.
The rest of us were all eliminated in the prelims.
The rest of you think about what you want to sing.
There's trouble!
The results are in.
The results are in! Proceeding to the final round are...
The results have been decided, but every single idol who participated is certain to continue improving her Aikatsu.
The results of our proficiency tests have been posted.
The results of the first audition are out!
There sure are a lot of grand shows and auditions.
There sure are a lot of large-scale shows and auditions.
There's your Rare dress!
There's your Rare Dress!
- There. That's about every one there is.
There, that's enough for now.
There, there. Let's be more careful next time.
There, there, there.
There was a light shining deep within her eyes.
There was a model who exploded onto the scene in New York not too long ago.
There was a patient she had to attend to.
There was a stage here all along!
There was a thing with shining eyes!
There was a time when we couldn't be together, but afterwards our bonds grew stronger than before.
There was never any hope to begin with.
There was once a house on the outskirts of a forest.
There was one blinding flash of light, and then they went into the darkness like a shotting star.
There was one in the flowerpot here.
There was only a hair's breadth between all four classes.
There was the first wave of the tickle boom...
There was this model.
There, we announced our brands' seasonal themes.
There we have it!
There we'll make the final decision.
There, we'll make the final decision.
There were even dinosaur fossils discovered in the rock formations nearby.
There were even dinosaur fossils discovered in the stratum nearby.
There were no traces of her in the south and east blocks.
There were these yummy looking crepes, and you're the first person who came to mind.
There were times I cried and times I couldn't see ahead.
There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over There were times we tripped and fell over
There were times we tripped and fell over - tsuraitte utsumuitara yume nante kanawanai - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you hang your head in pain, your dream will never come true - But if you
There were times when I cried and felt lost.
There were times when the emotions from my childhood would come back and wash over me with unbearable sadness.
There will be a stand-in.
There will be much more in the future.
There will be one center for each class.
There will be several others from Theater Class, but I wanted to invite you too.
There will be three tests. I'll give you the results at the very end.
There will surely be both wonderful things and difficult things.
There won't be a moment to rest starting tomorrow.
There you are!
There you are, Yuzu-sama!
There you go, work it!
There you have it!
There you have it.
There you have it! Good luck, everyone!
There! You two are out!
The rhythm?
The rhythm of the leaves felt so good I couldn't help but take a breather.
The rhythm of the leaves felt so good, I couldn't help but take a breather.
The right and left are different heights.
The right answer is...
The right answer was drippy soba.
The rigorous barrage of tasks is finally coming to a head.
The risk will be high.
The road forth is perilous.
The Road of Respect.
The Road To Her Hero.
The Road To Her Hero The Road To Her Hero The Road To Her Hero I'm so happy.
The rock bits splashed onto the design shout out your individuality.
The rock inspiration and bold form make a never-before-seen chemical reaction.
The rock inspiration and bold form make never-before-seen chemistry.
The room's atmosphere changed in an instant.
The rules are simple: There's a treasure hidden somewhere in the park, so pair up and try to find it!
The rules plainly state so.
The S4 girls' personalities are all over the place too.
The S4 girls' personalities are completely different too.
The S4 Selection...
The S4 Selection day two is Theater Class.
The S4 Selection finally starts next week.
The S4 Selection is almost here.
The S4 Selection is approaching too.
The S4 Selection is looking up.
The S4 Selection isn't the only battlefield out there.
The same could be said of us.
The same dream...
The same goes for Kirara!
The same goes for me!
The same goes for me.
The same goes for us!
The same goes for you.
The same goes for you, Laura!
The same one where you and the former S4 stood?!
The Saturn Star Premium Rare Coord.
The Saturn Star Premium Rare Coord was captivating.
The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year nandatte dekichau kibun da yo It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything It makes me feel like I can do anything
The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing like around this time last year The scenery surrounding us is nothing
The school dresses!
The school's even shutting down...
The school's going under?!
The school's stages are completely booked.
The school's stage schedule is filled to the brim.
The scripts are here!
These!
These are...
These are a few of my ideas...
These are all applications from prospective students!
These are all of the Premium Dresses that previous S4 members wore.
These are just fakes made by wrapping styrofoam in foil!
These are my Aikatsu buddies.
These are my Aikatsu buddies. Could you spare some pastries to share?
These are our school dresses. All of them were produced and designed by Elza-sama herself.
These are our school dresses. They were all produced and designed by Elza-sama herself.
These are raw gemstones.
These are real roses.
- These are rough gemstones.
These are the cards we have for you.
These are the files detailing how we set up all of our handshake events last year.
These are the Four Star Dorms.
These are the grounds of the boys division.
These are the results of Anna-sensei's training!
- These are unrefined gemstones.
These are usually reserved for the brand headquarters, so you probably haven't had the chance to see one before.
The seats with the best view of the stage are normally designated for fans.
These babies are a model's greatest ally.
These bagel sandwiches are delicious!
The second day will be Theater and Song Classes.
The second says to make a prayer to the infinite world.
The Secret Diary Coord, expressing the feelings locked inside my heart.
These donuts are really yummy!
These dresses are the best, Mahiru!
These emotions are tearing me apart!
These flaky scones are the best!
These four students will represent their respective classes.
These four teams cleared the first stage.
These glasses look great on you too.
These idols of Four Star Academy have come to study Venus Ark's Aikatsu as part of a short exchange program.
These letters are more of the same.
These materials should let you make your handshake event and homegrown show a reality.
The sense of accomplishment you feel after learning it is a huge part of why it's so incredible.
- The sense of accomplishment you feel after you learn it is a huge part of why it's so incredible.
The Serious Switch!
The Serious Switch.
These Romance Kiss Doll Coords came from that.
These show dancers get me going.
These things!
- The Set Off with a Felicitai-tai Express will be arriving shortly!
The Set Off With A Felicitai-tai Express will be arriving shortly!
- These trees, we call the Trees of Unity.
The setting is a college prep school.
These turned out quite nice!
These two!
These two are my friends.
These two are that program's director and cameraman.
These two are the director and cameraman for that show.
These two hands will be my guard against any who encroach.
The seven-colored rainbow is unforgettable and perfect for our brand.
The seven different colors come together as one.
These video files are it, right?
The Shadow Stars did not commit it.
The Shadow Stars must be planning to use it as an opportunity to steal the diamond.
The Shadow Stars must be planning to use that opportunity to steal the diamond.
The Shadow Stars never injure anyone.
The Shadow Stars never injure anyone on principle.
The shapes are a bit off, but I made them wishing you'll be able to smile and do your very best.
The shinai is no mere tool—it is a blade.
The Shining Glimmer... no, that's not it.
The Shiny Academy girls have broken through and reclaimed the top positions!
The short shorts emphasizing your stunning legs also wonderfully fit the dance.
The show...
The show is a one night dream.
The show is a one-night dream.
The shows will be broadcast on Aikatsu TV.
The show will begin momentarily.
The S in S4!
The skies and our hearts are full of sunshine!
The skilled hawk drops its children off the cliff! I think...
The sky!
The sky just passes by overhead without a word sora wa nani mo iwanai tada nagareru bakari sora wa nani mo iwanai tada nagareru bakari Yet above it is a bridge of stars to stardom!
The sky just passes by overhead without a word sora wa nani mo iwanai tada nagareru bakari Yet above it is a bridge of stars to stardom!
The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by
The sky just passes by overhead without a word The sky just passes by overhead without a word Yet above it is a bridge of stars to stardom!
The sky's not looking so good.
The smell wafting out of their shops is a dieter's worst enemy.
The snow will one day melt.
- The S of Sakuraba? - Akuraba Laura - Akuraba Lauraa Does it mean I get Laura?
The Soleil team gets Yume-chan and Koharu-chan!
The songbird feared of life within a birdcage torikago wo kowagatteta kotori wa The songbird feared of life within a birdcage torikago wo kowagatteta kotori wa The songbird feared of life within a birdcage torikago wo kowagatteta kotori wa She lamented her powerlessness to change anything nani mo kaerareyashinai to naite bakari ita
The song carries a sense of nostalgia that also fills you with hope.
The Song Class has got to be on the top of my list.
The song conveys a sense of nostalgia that will fill you with hope.
The Song That's Mine.
The sound of flowers.
The sound of greenery.
The sound of wind.
The sound of wind. The sound of flowers.
The soup is great too.
The sourness of the konbu and sweetness of the ice cream form delicate harmony!
The sourness of the konbu and sweetness of the ice cream live in delicate harmony!
The Sparkle Lamé Coord maintains a feminine form even with its rock inspiration.
The special award went to Nanakura Koharu-san.
The spirit urging us on to surpass our limits.
The spotlight belongs to them tonight.
The spot where all of S4 is!
The Spring Festival!
The staff forgot to load it in the chaos of trying to change trains.
The stage direction, production, stage setting, Students of Theater Class are more knowledgeable about the workings of live plays.
The stage is ready for you.
The stage you'll be performing on uses a cute candy motif, so to match your dress to it, you could try wearing chocolate-colored tights to accent your coord.
The Star Captor Festival!
The Star Captor Festival has reached its climax.
The Star Captor Festival, huh.
The Star Captor Festival is upon us!
The star motif represents my dreams for the future.
The Star Premium Rare Coords and their respective Star Wings have all materialized.
The stars are so distant tonight.
The stars at daytime?
The star shining brightest in the sky.
The station bento eaten on a train ride are irreplaceable.
The steak was imported from Texas, America.
The steak was imported from Texas in the United States.
The steam whistle!
The storybook prince with a hidden heart aflame, Igarashi Nozomu!
The story features a bold arrangement of several fairy tales.
- "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy - "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music
The story of the idol Nijino Yume got its start right here.
The streets aren't your trash can, and sitting there will bother the neighbors.
The streets aren't your trash can, and sitting there will just get in the way of others.
The strength test! Only those who can make it over this wall will pass!
The student council, admins, and teachers all pitched in and prepared this special surprise for Laura-san!
The student council president Tsubasa-senpai is a real stickler about that.
The student council president Tsubasa-senpai is a real stickler on that point.
The student who collects the most candy will be crowned Halloween Princess, so get out and get on it!
The student who designs the best dress will be be able to wear it for a special live.
The student who designs the best dress will be granted a special live.
The Stylish Girl Collection.
The subjects we're being tested on are dancing and Dress Make.
The subject will be Dance Stages!
The subject will be on dance stages!
The summer-themed Asian Heroine fits perfectly.
The summit is mine!
The sun?
The Sun and Moon...
- The sun and moon just simply - taiyou to tsuki wa tada - The sun and moon just simply - taiyou to tsuki wa tada - Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo - Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo
- The sun and moon just simply - taiyou to tsuki wa tada - The sun and moon just simply - taiyou to tsuki wa tada - The sun and moon just simply - taiyou to tsuki wa tada - Shine upon the ends of the earth - terashidasu chi no hate wo
The sun can only shine its brightest in the clear, blue skies.
The Sun Dress?
The Sun Dress.
The Sun Dress...
The Sun... Dress.
The Sun Dress holds the power to rule over everything.
The Sun Dress, huh...
The Sun Dress I could only dream of I now hold in my hands.
The Sun Dress. It's appearance really lived up to its name.
The Sun Dress... The sun's radiance...
The Sun Dress will be mine alone.
The Sun Dress will soon appear!
The Sun Dress you wore during your last show was incredible.
The sun is smiling down, so look back up and taiyou ga waratteiru kara hora The sun is smiling down, so look back up and taiyou ga waratteiru kara hora Sing with the birds and grass to the melody tori mo kusa mo utau yo merodii Sing with the birds and grass to the melody
The sun shines brightest only in clear, blue skies.
The sun's radiance is in my hands.
"The sun warms most the man chilled by frost, as he most troubled by life know'st more its value." That's the Tundra Dive for you. She is certainly chilly, through and through.
"The sun warms most the man gripp'd by cold; as he most troubled by life knows more its value." It is time for my Dress Make, so I must depart.
The super famous one?
The Superhero Battlemen came all this way to see you!
The Super Hero Battlemen came all this way to see you!
The super well-renowned one?
The surprise was a success!
The Suzukaze Plateau... isn't that where you retreat to every summer?
The Sweet Dreams Coord.
The sweets after a hard-day's Aikatsu are something special.
The Tale of a Tiny Dress.
The Tale of a Tiny Dress The Tale of a Tiny Dress All that Collection talk got me in the mood for a Dress Make.
The tale of legends...
The task is to make the dish you're best at.
The taste of Aikatsu TV she was talking about...
The teacher said even that wasn't good enough.
The teachers who are always guiding us.
The Teachers will be released into the wild to hinder you!
- The Teachers will have to take the tickles instead - __________________ - ________________ - m 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 - M 0 0 l 300 0 300 170 0 170 Next week we'll have more splendid guests!
The temperature really dropped today.
The terrace?
The Terrible Teacher Trio!
The test will consist of both theoretical and practical parts.
The theatrical release of Idol Mermaid.
The theme is an animal festival.
The theme is individuality!
The theme of Fall Fest is this—three-person units.
The theme of the day is how to be stylish in a yukata.
The theme of this Aikatsu Island is: Let's envelop everyone in the Aikatsu ring.
- The theme will be an Asian heroine, the same as Romance Kiss's summer theme.
The theme will be "Asian Heroine", the same as Romance Kiss's summer theme for this year.
- The theme will be "Asian Heroine", the same as Romance Kiss's summer theme this year.
The thick and rich cream creates a heavenly harmony with the sourness of the berries!
The thing about being an actress isn't that you compete with others.
The thing about slumps...
- The things I learned at Four Star Academy and the time I devoted to S4 are irreplaceable treasures.
The things I like...
The thing with Yozora-senpai too?
The third exam period is scheduled to be English, but Elza has come up with another idea.
The third exam period was to be for English, but Elza has come up with another idea.
- The this contest is in large part a test of your courage.
The thought of watching my sister on stage while I sat idle was getting on my nerves!
The three admin girls! We are...
- The three of them are so busy this week that they can hardly be seen around the school.
- The three of them are so busy this week that they lack even the time to return here.
The three of them had time before their next appearance, so they volunteered to help.
The three of them were free until their next appearance, so they volunteered to help.
The three of us...
The three of you have already been entered.
- The three of you've already been entered.
The tickles!
The time has come...
The time invested reflects its weight.
The time investment reflects its weight.
The time is approaching Freeze!
The time to use this spell has come at last!
The time we shared as S4...
The title is Bodybird.
The title is Little Fairy Tales.
The title of Halloween Princess will be mine.
The top four of the Aikatsu Ranking are going to be announced!
The top idol of Song Class is Shiratori Hime!
The top idol of the world...
The top of Dance Class is Nikaidou Yuzu!
The top result is...
The top scorer of Dance Class.
The top scorer of Song Class is...
The top star of Four Star Academy.
The top star of Venus Wave is...
The townsfolk will vote on their favorite class for each, allowing them to claim the area.
The traditional prince, Igarashi Nozomu.
The tragedy must not come to pass again.
The train after this one won't make it for the concert.
﻿The train on track 1 is now approaching.
The Tree of Bonds...
- The Tree of Unity...
- The Trees of Unity...
The Triathlon Idol Fest is about to begin!
The Tristar team gets Laura-chan.
The Tropical Beach Coord.
The Tropical Hula Girl Coord.
The true...
The true treasure is in meeting with others.
- The trust and friendship they developed harmonized into a marvelous performance.
The truth is that you applied because you wanted your beloved sister to look at you, to really see you.
The truth is that you applied because you want your beloved sister to look at you, to really see you.
The truth it I'd have preferred to be with my friends.
The Tundra Diva!
The Tundra Diva got wings!
The two first stars.
The two first-stars.
The two of them are birds of a feather.
The two of them are over watching M4's performance.
The two of them have really boosted their points.
The two of them have really piled up the points.
The two of them know just how to fire me up!
The Two Rivals!
The two units who reach the goal with the most glasses in the least time move on to the finals.
The umbrella we were going to use for the show broke.
The unexpected can feel so refreshing.
The unexpected feels so refreshing.
The unkind rays of summer sun have left the sky, driven out by the soft light of fall.
The unkind summer rays of sun appear to been cut through by the soft light of fall.
The unprecedented pairing of S4 members and first-year students has brought the audience's hype to a peak.
The Uranus Star Premium Rare Coord!
The Valentine's chocolate commercials that run around this time every year It's proof that M4 leads the male idol charts in both name and reality.
The venue is packed as fans wait to see how today's Fest will impact the outcome of the Aikatsu Ranking.
the Venus Star Premium Rare Coord perfectly, Elza-sama!
The very best I can!
The very instant I gazed upon its dresses, a bolt of lightning ran through my body, my heart inextricably entranced.
The very same.
The victor is Hanazono Kirara!
The victor is Nijino Yume-san!
The victor of the First Stage is Nijino Yume-san!
The victor of the Second Stage is Elza Forte-san!
The view from the top is mine!
The voice of the people says...
The wait is over!
The wait is over.
The wait is over! It's time to start the preliminary round of the Kira Kira Unit Cup!
The water quality at these springs is exceptional, so it's popular among the elderly.
The Water Race Coord.
The way I love might have been a mistake.
The way you wielded that deck brush was reminiscent of kendo.
The way you wielded that deck brush was very reminiscent of kendo.
The way you work so hard every day makes you shine with power overflowing.
The way you work so hard through so many jobs makes you seem almost shining with power.
The weak are meat the strong do eat?!
The weather's starting to get warmer, but how's Lily-senpai doing?
The what?!
The whistle!
The white frills give the image of whipped cream and add extra cuteness!
The whole audience had a smile on their faces the entire time.
The whole audience left with a smile!
The whole reason I've come this far is because of you!
The will to ensure that kindness lives on...
The wings of a fairy...
The wings upon her coord are symbols of perfection.
The wings upon her coord are the symbol of perfection.
The winner by a landslide...
The winner earns the chance to study abroad in the mecca of dance, Los Angeles.
The winner gets the chance to study dance abroad in Los Angeles.
The winner is Sakuraba Laura!
The winner is the Hanazono Kirara and Saotome Ako pair!
The winner of the First Stage is Nijino Yume-san!
The winner of the Hustle Idol Fest is...
The winner of this could make it into the top four of the Aikatsu Ranking.
The winners are...
The winners are Hanazono Kirara and Saotome Ako!
The winners who made it to the Final Stage were Elza-san and me.
The winners will be decided by your votes after each group gets a chance to perform.
- The winner will also receive a personal sponsorship.
The winner will also receive a sponsorship.
The winner will be chosen based solely on the quality of the coord, regardless of their year or class.
- The winner will be chosen solely based on the quality of the coord, regardless of their year or class.
The wire action was so scary.
The wish papers are over here.
The witnesses will be myself, Yachigusa Momoko, and...
The words mean to unite your powers.
The words of a world-famous guitarist.
The work's so tough, even Tsubasa-senpai said she found it hard!
The World Aikatsu Cup is finally underway!
The world is calling your name.
The world is cloaked in darkness.
The world is created from fashion.
The world is full of amazing idols!
The world is full of amazing idols.
The world is harsh.
The world is still full of much more Aikatsu.
The world is vast, and countless roads await.
- The world is vast. There are innumerable Aikatsu out there the likes of which you've never seen.
- The world is vast. There are innumerable pieces of Aikatsu you have yet to experience.
The world is vast. There are innumerable types of Aikatsu you have yet to experience.
The world may contain Aikatsu even beyond what I can imagine.
The world was full of Aikatsu I never could've imagined.
The worst case scenario?
They adorn us with their countless forms.
They all feel off somehow...
They all feel somehow off...
They all had their own views of what to do with the show dancers, right?
They all hit the mark.
They all look like they're having fun.
They all look so good! I don't know where to begin!
They all look so good! I don't know where to start!
They all love you, look up to you, and want to be a little closer to you.
They all love you, look up to you, and want to be in your presence here.
They all said they wanted to Aikatsu!
They all sound delicious.
They all sound so delicious.
They also asked me to come in and film a few extra cuts for the movie I thought we finished.
They appear to be having fun.
They appear to be praying.
They appear to have something to say to you.
They are all from Venus Ark applicants.
They are our school's top stars, the four ladies of S4.
- They are polished through their Aikatsu until eventually becoming gemstones.
They are polished through their Aikatsu until they eventually become beautiful gemstones.
- They are polished through their Aikatsu until they eventually become gemstones.
They are the symbol of perfection.
They are the symbols of perfection.
They are the words of a great British detective.
They are the words of Japan's greatest rock artist, Uchida Eikichi-san.
- They bear the important responsibility of managing an entire class.
They bear the important responsibility of managing your entire class for the next year.
They brought tears to my eyes!
they can hardly even be seen around the school.
They cast off!
They'd better get ready for a mind-blowing present.
They didn't tell me about this!
They didn't waste any time.
They don't fit my outfit.
They don't realize it's a treasure?
They don't seem to be bad people though.
They don't seem very kind today.
They do say they bring good fortune...
They even make sure to provide us backstage folks with nice refreshments.
They feel so different from usual.
They fill you with power, right?
They focus solely on swotting for their entrance exams, and not a one has any friends.
They found me.
They got called in to work unexpectedly.
They got past Laura's group?
They had great teamwork.
They had these yummy-looking crêpes, and I thought of you right away.
They have approved of the transfer.
They have been missing since this morning.
They haven't been assembled yet.
They haven't gathered yet.
They have so many varieties, and they're all delicious!
They invited me as a guest once.
They kept telling me I'd be just fine.
They'll be glad to assist you.
They'll be serving for the entire year, so we need to choose carefully.
They'll be serving the position for a year, so we need to think carefully.
They'll face an intense punishment!
They'll have to return to the start line and stack again.
They'll likely be our greatest rivals at Rock Koshien.
They'll make us a feast, Laura!
- They'll need both baking knowledge and baking technique.
They'll need both baking knowledge and relevant technique.
- They'll need the knowledge and skills of how to bake sweets.
They look delicious.
They look handmade to me.
They look like they're climbing a real mountain.
They loved it!
They made this chocolate with warm hearts.
They might be thinking you have the potential to be an admin yourself.
They might not be fancy, but we made sour konbu rice balls.
They might start calling you the Fairy of the Court, and you'd fly around landing some nice attacks.
They might've seen the potential to be an admin in you.
They must be revealing their new Premium Rare Dress there.
They must fearlessly accept that challenge.
They must have stuffed that ordinary-looking muffin with wasabi!
- They need flowers to decorate with, and he'd like you to pick them out.
They poured their warm hearts into this chocolate.
They prepared the ingredients for the parfait on the next page?
They prepare with physical exercise, plus lessons for singing, dancing, modeling, and acting.
They ran into some trouble out in the field.
They're a bit misshapen, but I made them wishing you'd be able to smile and do your very best.
They're a curry chain famous for their rich roux and generous portions of toppings.
They're adorable!
They're a gift from your friends.
They're all as unique as I expected.
They're all gorgeous.
They're all so cute!
They're all so cute it's hard to choose.
They're all so gorgeous.
They really are.
They really are hot.
They're already next week!
They're b-b-breaking up?!
They're beautiful! I can hardly contain my excitement!
They're billions of miracles They're billions of miracles We've been waiting for you.
They're called Lun Lun Body Makers.
They're cards that have different names of things starting with the letter S on them.
They're cinnamon rolls.
They're coming in!
They're coming this way!
They're crocuses.
They're dancing!
They're doing a total coverage of Hime-chan's day.
They're doing total coverage of a day in the life of Hime-chan.
They're drawing out all of the feelings that Nijino's group has been suppressing.
They're drawing out all of the feelings that Nijino's group have been suppressing.
They're empty!
They're even considered top class among all the celebrities out there.
They're even considered top-class among all the celebrities out there.
They're expanding from the concept of making ice cream never seen before.
They're fantastic!
They're good.
They're gorgeous!
They're gorgeous.
They're growing naturally, too.
They're here!
They're immortalized as the band of miracles!
They're just like I was last year.
They're just not quite complete yet.
They're like dazzling stars!
They're looking down on the police!
They're making a movie!
They're making a movie right now!
they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed,
they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled Dreams aren't meant to be dreamed, they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo
they're meant to be fulfilled yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou kagayakitai shoudou ni sunao de iyou Be honest with your desire to make them shine
They're mine.
They're not great, but we did our best to make them.
They're nothing fancy, but we made sour konbu rice balls.
They're not the only ones.
They're one-of-a-kind, made to order.
They're only seeing illusions of a mysterious beast because of the weakness in their hearts.
They're only seeing such illusions of a mysterious animal because of the weakness in their hearts.
They're on the way now.
They're on the way now, but it'll take another hour until they can make it.
They're on the way now, but won't be able to make it for another hour.
They're our goal to strive towards.
They're perfectly in sync.
They represent the "joy of youth" in flower language.
They're put in a request for the four of you to produce it.
They're recordings of past Music Shows.
They're recordings of the past Music Shows.
They're right every time!
They're shining like stars!
They're siblings.
They're so childish.
They're so close.
They're so cool!
They're so cool.
They're so cute!
They're so cute.
They're students from my school.
They're students of my school.
They're such children.
They're such refined designs.
They're supposed to just cool down and solidify.
They're Taiyou-san's secretaries.
They're the number-one favorite.
They're the number one favorite to win.
They're the same as back then.
They're totally different!
They're unlike anything I've ever seen.
They're wonderful!
They said a new student challenged an upperclassman to a dance battle!
They said I'm weird.
They said it'll be broadcast internationally.
They said my dream was impulsive and haven't ever changed their tone They said my dream was impulsive and haven't ever changed their tone - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu
They said S4!
They said that I would be just fine.
They said that there are still extras left over.
They said that there are still some left over.
They say fights are a sign of closeness.
They say her singing voice sounded like a fleeting shooting star.
They say her voice sounded like a fleeting shooting star.
They say I cannot be an idol.
They say it's gonna take an entire week!
They say that finding a four-leaf clover brings you good fortune.
They say that luck's a skill too.
They say the name parfait comes from the word perfect, but I would go so far as to call this parfect!
They seem built on the concept of making ice cream never imagined before.
They seem to be denying the students' individualities altogether.
They should be arriving soon...
They should be done soon.
They snuck right under our noses.
They take 800 points overall to pass.
They threw me one too.
They told us we only needed to bring the bare necessities...
They took care of my luggage for me, so it's fine.
They took it from right under our noses.
They took lots of pictures of me.
They treat you terribly?
The "Yu" from Yume, "zu" from Yuzu, and "ko" from Ako.
They've already gone ahead!
They've both done a wonderful job.
They've done so well in surmounting the tough lessons they faced.
They've done so well surmounting the tough lessons they faced.
They've expressed interest in filming the students of Venus Ark as well.
They've gone through so much.
- They've probably been doing everything, even cutting sleep to make this a success.
They've probably been doing everything they can, even sacrificing sleep to make this a success.
They've put in a request for the four of you to produce it.
They've requested that you take part.
They've started.
- They wanted to agitate us.
They want to decorate the entrance with flowers, and he'd like you to pick them out.
- They want to decorate the place with flowers, and he'd like you to pick them out.
They were?
They were a complete mystery, never even showing their face.
They were a complete mystery who never showed their face.
They were all so cute, I could eat them right up.
They were as cute as always.
They were incredible!
They weren't even Premium Rare Dresses, but they were gleaming so much.
They were right not to choose me.
They were unlike anything I've ever seen.
They will be cheered on by a live audience as well as television viewers from across the nation.
- They will be cheered on by a live audience as well as television viewers from across the nations.
They will soon.
They worked hard to support your dream.
They worked like a charm!
The zoo!
Things like that are the best.
Things that almost crush you and things you want to dive into.
- Things that are unique to Mahiru...
Things you want to escape and things you want to overcome.
Think about how to make the most of your time. That's self-producing.
Think about us whenever you look up at the daytime stars.
Think about what we have to go through when you disappear on us!
Think back on all the Aikatsu you've done! What is it that made your heart dance in joy the most?
Thinking about how our hard work's about to pay off has got my heart racing.
Thinking about how our hard work's about to pay off has my heart racing.
Thinking about it now, I don't know anything about Ako's family.
Thinking about the S4 Selection next month is making me feel anxious.
Thinking about the S4 Selection next month is making me uneasy.
Thinking back, I got mine after I performed on that music show.
Thinking back, my brother and friends in S4 always encouraged me.
Thinking back, my brother and my friends in S4 had been saying it all along.
Thinking you could possibly beat us? Somebody sounds eager to have their blood sucked by Yurika-sama.
Think it's heat exhaustion?
Think it through carefully.
Think not with your head, but feel with your heart.
Think of this as a rehearsal.
thinks about what she can make nokosareta mono de nani ga dekiru ka wo mitodokete ikanakucha If flying off to that place is impossible sono basho e tondeiuku koto wa dekinai If flying off to that place is impossible sono basho e tondeiuku koto wa dekinai If flying off to that place is impossible
Think that you are the best when you are up on stage.
- Think that you are the best when you are up on the stage.
Third, form a unit with me and Yozora.
Third Place Sky-Girl.
Thirty minutes remain!
Thirty minutes remain until the start.
Thirty minutes until it starts.
This!
This?
This...
This afternoon you'll be starting your rockingest class activities, babies.
This appears to be the most difficult area to claim.
This area goes to whichever class is able to gather the most customers to their designated shop.
This area has been claimed by...
This area's claim is determined by whichever class is able to gather the most customers to their elected shop.
This aroma oil has a deep calming effect.
- This arrangement of a China dress makes use of bright colors and a unique ruffle cut.
This audition gets me going.
This audition won't be that easy.
- This bare-bones set is the best we could do, but please make do with it.
This bare-bones set is the best we could do, but please make use of it.
- This bears my hopes and dreams.
This button has no holes!
This calls for a full scan of my mental database.
This calls for running a full scan of my mental database.
This card...
This certainly does have an exquisite flavor.
this chocolate!
This chocolate's pretty good.
This coming from you?
This coming March...
This competition is decided based upon the audience's votes.
This competition is quite high level.
This concludes the auditions.
This concludes the Song Class performances.
This concludes today's lesson.
This contest is calling our names!
This contest is in large part a test of your courage.
This coord will catch the attention of anyone with their eyes on popular fashion.
This course was designed to be pretty hard.
This dark rock and cool coord was crated with the streets of London in mind, and has a nice cute contrast thanks to the ribbon on its breast.
This doesn't make any sense!
This dress does a proper job of showing off your cute appeal.
This dress is an amalgamation of all the time I spent shining together with Elza-san and the others.
This dress is an amalgamation of the time I spent shining together with Elza-san and the others.
This dress is far from being only my own.
This dress will carry my feelings to everyone.
This event captured you perfectly.
This event exemplified you.
This excitement is reminding me of what I forgot.
This excitement reminded me of what I forgot.
This excitement reminded me of what I've forgotten.
This exhilaration and joy can't be replaced by anything else!
This Fall Fest was an exceptionally close contest.
This feels good and is easy to move in.
This feels great!
This feels legitimate.
This feels like a dream!
This feels so good!
This feels so nice!
This feels way better!
This Fest is a competition...
This fight decides the best Song Class first-year!
- This flavor's new.
This French doll is imbued with Eastern spirit in the gem-like konpeito scattered around her dress.
This French doll is imbued with Eastern spirit in the konpeito gems scattered around her dress.
This fresh salad is also quite delicious.
This gets me going!
This gets me going...
This... gets me going.
This girl...
This girl... she's really got some nerve.
This happened before. Last time, I found her taking a nap in a field of flowers.
This has such a nice fragrance.
This has yet another unique charm.
This Hime Curry really is spicy.
This hurts to watch.
This is!
This is...
This is a big concert for S4.
This is a blizzard!
- This is about Spice Chord, correct? Kisaragi gave me the details.
This is about Spice Chord, I presume.
This is a classroom.
This is a completely novel exercise.
This is a critical performance.
This is addressed to you, Yume.
This is a department store rooftop on a weekday.
This is a design for my dress.
This is a difficult challenge.
This is a fight to decide the best Song Class first-year!
This is a good opportunity.
This is a hand massage.
This is Aikatsu too!
This is Aikatsu too.
This is a kimono, a Japanese dress.
This is all because of what you did!
This is all I can think of for now.
This is all so wonderful!
This is all thanks to you.
This is all thanks to you, Hime-senpai.
This is all Valentine's chocolate that fans have sent M4!
This is amazing!
This is amazing. I can't believe so many people gathered in a single day.
This is an announcement from the student council president.
This is a new flavor.
This is an important concert for Hime-senpai.
This is an opportune chance for Japan to become acquainted with me.
This is an opportune time for Japan to become acquainted with me.
This is a piece of cake.
This is a problem. We don't have much time until curtain rise.
This is a pulse.
This is a real toughie right at the end.
This is a response to that.
This is Ashida Yuri! Kasumi Mahiru-san is heading to Kirakira Park as indicated by her clue.
This is a splendid campus.
This is a top idol from S4.
- This is a work of fiction.
This is bad...
This is bad, I can't concentrate at all!
This is bad! I can't concentrate at all!
This is bad, Laura!
This is "bean throwing".
This is big news!
This is bliss.
This is British tea of the highest grade.
This is cold and delicious!
This is crazy!
This is crazy...
This is Dance Class's admin, Katsura Miki-senpai, and Theater Class's admin, Sakamoto Arisa-chan.
This is Dancing Ninja.
This is delicious!
This is delicious.
This is difficult.
This is difficult. Am I doing it right?
This is Director Okamoto Jirou.
This is Elza-sama's Star Premium Rare Coord.
This is entirely your own fault! Your absurd ideas cause us no end of trouble.
This is exactly the kind of situation when a true friend should believe in her without fear.
This is exactly the same as the dance has always been.
This is exactly what it means to share in the radiance.
This is for you!
This is for you.
This is for you. Consider it from all your fans.
This is for you, Yume.
This is Futaba Aria-chan.
This is going my way!
This is going to amazing!
This is going to be amazing!
This is going to be one fierce battle.
This is going to be our first competition!
This is gonna be the rockingest party!
This is good.
This is good for your throat.
This is great!
This is Halloween!
This is her first time here, isn't it?
- This is her first time, isn't it?
This is Hibiki Anna! We're ready for you to get it on.
This is impossible!
This is individuality!
This is it.
This is it. All we can do now is run full-speed ahead...
This is it. All we can do now is run full steam ahead...
This is it. Ready?
This is Japanese sweets!
- This is just like old times, isn't it?
This is just the intro lesson though.
This is just the level I'm at now.
This is known as the Tree of Bonds.
- This is known as the Tree of Unity.
This is legitimately crazy.
This is like a real desert.
This is likely to be the last time I take the stage.
This is likely to be the most difficult area to claim.
This is lovely!
This is Mahiru-chan's battle.
This is... me?
This is me going my way!
This is mine.
This is mine! The Wonderful Comic Coord.
This is more important!
This is more intense than I expected.
This is much too—way too hard, dude.
This is my Aikatsu!
This is my best friend, fellow idol, and designer, Nanakura Koharu-chan!
This is my chance for a comeback!
This is my chance for a turnabout!
This is my dream.
This is my dress! The Wonderful Comic Coord.
This is my family's shared closet room.
This is... my fault.
This is my favorite curry house.
This is my new start line too.
This is my original blend of rose tea using flowers grown here.
This is my own personal dress, the Aqua Starry Rock Coord!
This is my own unique dress, the Aqua Starry Rock Coord!
This is my personal best cake filled with memories of my father.
This is my Premium Rare dress!
This is my Premium Rare Dress!
This is my room.
This is my shop!
This is my sister, Yozora.
This is my Spice Chord!
This is my stage.
This is my Star Premium Rare Coord!
This is my start line.
This is my very first time on stage.
This is Nijino Yume. I'm coming in.
This is nothing!
This is no time to be leisurely choosing a muffin!
This is not the time for muffins!
This isn't a goodbye.
This isn't an ordinary interview.
This isn't felicitous!
This isn't for you.
This isn't goodbye.
This isn't good enough.
This isn't good. I'm so busy I don't have any time to concentrate.
This isn't good. I'm so busy, I have no time to ponder designs.
This isn't like an ordinary interview.
This isn't our first time meeting.
This isn't the only match I'll have.
This isn't the time for that!
This isn't to help you.
This is nyanderful!
This is one of our jobs as S4 too.
This is one of the keys to a successful performance.
This is one of the many essential facets to a successful performance.
This is origami!
This is our backdrop for today.
This is our first chance to promote Rainbow Berry Parfait on TV.
This is our grab-bag plan to surprise everyone at the end of the party.
This is our last chance to make S4.
- This is our new flavor.
This is our new product.
This is our new product: A heaping mountain of summer veggies curry ice!
This is our present to you!
This is our setting for today.
This is perfect for a change of pace.
This is piping hot!
This is real acting!
This is really gonna be tough.
This is really tough!
This is Sakuraba Laura!
This is... Sakuraba Laura!
This is Sakuraba Laura! I want to keep walking down my own path!
This is scrumptious!
This is Shirogane Lily. She's a second-year like me, along with being the other Song Class admin.
This is Shirogane Lily. She's a second-year like me, and the other Song Class admin.
This is shodou.
This is so frustrating.
This is some big news!
This is some reception...
This is something I learned from our unit activities as S4.
This is such a huge competition.
This is such a waste.
This is such lovely weather for a tea party.
This is supposed to be a step toward the dream I proclaimed that day...
This is the admin office.
This is the admin room.
This is the answer I arrived at after traveling around the world.
This is the backbone of My Little Heart.
This is The Best Music Show's three-hour Valentine special.
This is the best surprise ever!
This is the chocolate brownie renowned far and wide!
This is the city of fashion, where even a stroll down the street can be educational. Onee-chan brought me.
This is the core of My Little Heart.
This is the department store's roof, isn't it?
This is the design I arrived at after incorporating our previous discussions.
This is the entrance.
- This is the exemplar of my being.
This is the final ranking!
This is the first time sisters have competed since the founding of Four Star Academy.
This is the fitting room.
This is the Fitting Room.
This is the flower shop he recommends.
This is the Flower Song Class!
This is the highest grade tea available in Britain.
This is the highest profile contest in the nation, used to decide this summer's top dancer.
This is the Hime Rouge we created to suit you, Shiratori-san.
This is the homeland of Johanna, the girl over there.
This is the last chance we'll get to let our feelings be known.
This is the lesson Shiratori Hime created herself.
This is the limit of what we can do.
This is the moment I've been waiting for!
This is the most wonderful thing ever!
This is the one way I could possibly repay them.
This is the only clock in the school that plays music.
This is the outfit they will all be wearing.
This is the path I have envisioned.
This is the power of S4.
- This is the power of the ultimate rulers, S4.
This is the Premium Rare dress I pulled from the depths of infinite possibilities.
This is the Premium Rare Dress I pulled from the depths of infinite possibilities.
This is the Premium Rare Dress Yume-chan and I created together.
This is the princess diamond.
This is the Princess Diamond.
- This is the resolve necessary to keep up with an idol pirate unshaken by storms.
This is the resolve necessary to keep up with the idol pirate unshaken by storms.
This is the result of bringing the three of our hearts together.
This is the result of heedlessly pouring funds into Aikatsu Island and such.
This is the road our fans will take.
This is the same scented body mist as the one I use.
This is the same scented body mist I use.
This is the show from when Hime-senpai's year did it.
This is the start line of my new Aikatsu.
This is the start of the second semester.
This is the Sun Dress.
This is the time of year every student focuses on their own Aikatsu in preparation for the S4 Selection.
This is the top idol of S4.
This is the ultimate expression of myself.
This is the wall I face.
This is to defeat my weaker self!
This is to show Koharu-chan how grateful I am for everything she's done for me.
- This is training to simultaneously build body strength and improve acting ability.
This is trouble!
This is unbelievable!
This is us?
This is validation at the end of my lonesome, relentless pursuit of a dream.
This is Venus Ark.
This is Venus Ark Aikatsu?
This is very intriguing.
This is way too much.
This is West on the outside, East on the inside.
This is what it meant?
This is what makes Ako who she is.
This is where I'll hold my live.
This is where I stand now.
This is where it begins for us!
This is where we'll conduct our final training.
This is where we're going to study?
This is where you'll be creating your own cards.
This is where you said we were true rivals after our center competition.
This is who I am.
This is why you designed these Rainbow Berry Parfait dresses.
This is within the school grounds of Four Star Academy.
This is wonderful. I'll keep it as a Nanakura heirloom.
This is your chance to strut your stuff in front of S4, your upperclassmen, and all the teachers.
This is your stage.
This is Yume's seat.
This! It's more than just sweet!
This just makes me respect how well you can act even in front of huge audiences, Ako-chan.
This just makes me respect how well you can act in front of such huge audiences, Ako-chan.
This kind of feels like cheating.
This Kirara-san flavor could be created by none other than Hanazono Kirara!
This land...
This. Laura's special sour konbu.
This leaves us holding the crown in beauty, but it isn't that simple.
This'll be difficult with the Final Tournament coming up.
This'll give people something to watch while they wait, and it'll also build hype for the show itself.
This'll stand out for sure.
This'll warm you up.
This look good to you?
This looks like a dolphin riding a star!
This looks like just about everything I wanted.
- This man here is an old acquaintance of mine.
This man here is an old acquaintance of mine. His name is Yotsuba Shun.
This many of them?
This marks the first step over our new start line!
This may be a cliche, but we ask you to please silence your cell phone...
This Melty Flower Fairy Coord will help me put on a dazzling show.
This memory we share gives me strength.
This might be nice too!
This might be too difficult.
This miraculous glimmer is for you!
This music is like a miracle Rock! Rock Girls!
This must all be part of some plot.
This must be about the CD debut audition.
This must be... because I am not yet perfect.
This must be the Aikatsu Style Girls photoshoot she mentioned.
This must be what Elza-san said we needed.
This needs a splash of cute!
This one doesn't look healthy.
This one has its own charms.
This one is Lily-senpai's from Gothic Victoria.
This one kid suddenly got sick during the main event.
This one's...
This one's asking for us to talk about Elza-san's profile.
This one's for me.
This one was a wash too.
- This one week time limit might be unexpectedly harsh.
This opportunity might never come again!
This part...
This passionate battle for the top was guaranteed to be close, but Nijino Yume-san was the one to grasp victory!
This past week, I saw the fruits of your Aikatsu for myself.
This, perhaps?
This place...
This place has a wide variety of reference material.
This place, these feelings...
This plan gets me going!
this Premium Rare Dress, didn't you?
This press conference is over.
This production is intriguing.
This production is unique.
This program will be holding an open contest for your stage dress ideas.
This project will put the four of us in S4 through a variety of jobs.
This really puts us in a bind.
This red is a little strong, but if we touch it up with a translucent gloss...
This room...
This room just shouts "you".
This routine simultaneously trains both your physical strength and your acting skills.
- This routine trains both your physical strength and your acting skills.
This rubs me the wrong way.
This sauce has a nice sting to it!
This scene brings back memories.
This scene is approved!
This school is so big it's easy to get lost.
This school is so big that it's easy to get lost.
This should cheer you up.
This should end up being a good experience for Mahiru.
This smell must be curry.
This sort of brand announcement is unprecedented.
This sort of thing gets me jazzed!
This sourness is addictively good!
This stems from the concept of unforgettable memories.
This strong emotion won't lose to you!
This summer's Tundra Diva...
This summer, they've reconvened for a limited time.
This summer, they've reconvened for a limited time only.
This summer, we've turned an entire tropical island into an idol theme park.
This taste reminds me of field trips in elementary school.
This tastes familiar!
This tastes great! I was starving after all those sit-ups.
This tastes marvelous.
This thing is solid chocolate.
This time, focus on really projecting directly out.
This time I can't fight the urge to do something.
This time, I can't fight the urge to do something.
This time, I definitely don't want to lose to Yume.
This time it's just to be Subaru-kyun's S!
This time it's sure to be Subaru-kyun's S!
This time, I want to part with a smile.
This time we're shaking things up and having it be with Yuzu-chan plus one more person!
This time we're shaking things up and it'll star Yuzu-chan, plus one!
This totem pole is a moving-in gift!
This tournament is essentially a referendum on Four Star Academy versus Venus Ark.
This training is for making a Premium Rare Dress, right?
This venue is abundant with things that could entice Yuzu-sama.
This venue is abundant with things that may entice Yuzu-sama.
This warmth is ever so familiar...
This was a total coincidence.
This was but the first new step towards the beginning of Shirogane Lily's legend.
This was Kasumi's room, I believe.
This was never going to happen from the start.
This was the beginning of Yume and Nozomu's journey.
This was the extra oomph she wanted to surprise us with.
This was the ideal conclusion.
This was the secret weapon she held in story.
- This way!
This way!
This way.
This way is definitely a shortcut.
This way's a shortcut!
This week has felt like an eternity.
This week has taken a lot out of me.
- This week's one big competition, huh.
This week's top stage request, Kasumi Yozora-san.
This whole job gets me going.
- This will also be a test.
This will be a one round match.
This will be a one-shot performance competition between their leaders, Kisaragi Tsubasa and Kasumi Yozora!
This will be best-out-of-one.
This will be goodbye for a short while.
This will be my battle dress.
This will be my dress.
This will be my final performance as the leader of Theater Class.
This will be my final stage as the leader of Theater Class.
This will be my last S4 Selection.
This will be our first year doing it as S4.
This will be Rei-san's second debut, right?
This will be the final stage.
This will be the one time I expect you to be fully honest and say exactly what you mean to her.
This will finally decide it.
This will help your throat. Drink up.
This will likely be the last time I take the stage.
This will mark my new start line too.
This wonderful final bout exceeded my expectations.
This work is...
This year's Aikatsu has begun!
This year's CD debut...
This year's encroaching Winter Fest is the Star Captor Festival.
This year's Four Star Film Festival original movie is finally ready to roll!
This year's Four Star Movie Festival original movie is finally ready to roll!
This year's Miracle Girl is Sakuraba Laura-chan!
This year's S4 Selection is shaping up to be a fierce battle.
This year's Selection for S4 is shaping up to be a fierce battle.
This year's Theater Class recruits are all high quality.
This year too?
This year we have special plans to collaborate with our surrounding town, Kirakira City.
This year, we hold it in collaboration with the surrounding town, Kirakira City.
This year, we would like to ask you to bring holiday spirit to the entire town, not just the shopping area.
Thorns and roses decorate the wire pannier birdcage accent.
Those are definitely four big stars!
Those are Humilis Alba Coerulea Ocula.
Those are just the only words I can offer.
Those are my...
Those are my feelings.
Those are the words of a world-famous guitarist.
Those are the wrong ingredients!
Those clothes give off a unique impression.
Those famous idols?! I'm a huge fan!
Those fluffs...
Those fries look delicious.
Those girls...
Those girls are doing pretty well.
Those girls are putting in more than one hundred percent despite their harsh schedules.
Those girls are putting in more than one hundred percent even in the face of their harsh schedules.
Those of you at home all over the country can enjoy watching it on TV.
Those of you in Song Class will be starting soon.
Those rods are supposed to move in the direction of what you're looking for.
Those sailors are triplets.
Those show dancers get me going.
Those sound as if you're preparing for the summer.
Those star wings...
Those times?
Those two...
Those two are birds of a feather.
Those two are incredible.
Those two are more similar than they seem.
Those two are perfect rivals.
Those two are such perfect rivals.
Those two are the same as always.
Those two were totally awkward with each other!
Those were quite the impressive idols.
Those were remarkably impressive idols.
Those were the words of an expert economist.
Those who are up to the challenge are encouraged to step forward.
Those who encroach on my right will be swiftly done away with.
Those who lack the ability must descend from the stage. Is that not how professionals act?
Those who lack the ability must leave the stage. Is that not how professionals act?
Those who strive to be idols can't progress without wit and stamina!
Those wings bestow untold power upon those who obtain them.
Those wings bestow untold power upon whoever obtains them.
Those with a fire will never lose!
Those words...
Though I am kind of nervous since this is a new show for me.
Though I do want to have some.
Though I fight for you with blade bared yoroi wo nuide tatakattemo Though I fight for you with blade bared yoroi wo nuide tatakattemo Not once have I ever suffered at your side kizutsukerareru koto nado nai Not once have I ever suffered at your side kizutsukerareru koto nado nai
Though if I had to say...
Though if there was one thing...
Though I guess I could tell her once I make S4.
- Though I hate to admit it, you were fantastic out there.
Though I'm sure I'm just preaching to the choir.
Though in the end, the road they choose to travel is up to them.
- Though it is a little rough around the edges, you have a talent.
Though it is true that her abilities make us look like children next to her.
Though it is true that her ability seems much closer to an adult than a child.
Though it was a bit too spicy for me.
Though it wouldn't hurt.
Though I wonder if the same can be said of the Star Premium Rare Coords.
Though knowing you, I'm sure you'll never give up.
Though, since I'm not going...
Though that should've been obvious...
Three!
Three?
Three.
Three cool and sexy people?
Three days.
Three days starting tomorrow!
Three elusive phantoms, they are female thieves who can swipe anything they lay their eyes on.
Three fluffy-drippy veggie omelette rice bento, please!
Three, four!
Three minutes until your encore.
Three more hours!
Three of a kind!
Three of us?
Three-person units...
Three shadows extend from the blinding spotlight Three shadows extend from the blinding spotlight Three shadows extend from the blinding spotlight Together there's nothing for us to be scared of Together there's nothing for us to be scared of Together there's nothing for us to be scared of Let's start our showtime,
Three siblings...
Three stars!
Three, two...
Three! Two!
Three, two, one, zero!
Three, two, three...
Through flower language.
Through Flower Language ♪ Through Flower Language ♪ Through Flower Language ♪ What do you think?
Through her dresses?
Through our lessons and performance, I rediscovered my feelings of having fun with Aikatsu.
Through our lessons and performance, I rediscovered the fun in Aikatsu.
Throughout all my Aikatsu, I've devoted myself to shining alongside all the people who've gotten me this far.
Throughout all of the Aikatsu I devoted myself to alongside everyone was the desire to shine together.
through S4 generations in such a lovely dress.
Throw out your hand like you mean it!
Throw your beans at us!
Th-Thanks...
Th-Thanks for the welcome.
Th-Thank you.
Th-Thank you for inviting me!
Th-Thank you so much!
Th-Thank you too.
Th-Thank you very much.
Th-That came out of nowhere.
Th-That couldn't possibly be!
Th-That couldn't possibly be true!
Th-That gets... me going.
Th-That's...
Th-That's a unique artistic choice.
Th-That's dangerous!
Th-That's impossible! Throwing beans at you would be...
Th-That's more than I expected.
Th-That's not...
Th-That's not... totally wrong.
Th-That's right.
Th-That's right! Does that mean we're going to be separated again?
Th-That's true too!
Th-That was...
Th-That was because she was mean to Laura, so I couldn't...
Th-That was because she was mean to Laura, so I just reacted...
Th-That wasn't what it looked like!
Th-That was simply tough love.
Th-The radiance of our stars is...
Th-There isn't!
Th-The release date for Yume's Dream Star is September 8.
Th-The school's in danger?!
Th-The show is a one night dream.
Th-The show is a one-night dream.
Th-The title...
Th-They got us...
Th-They're watching me?
Th-Think nothing of it! As your number one fan, I've studied far and wide to perfect my impression.
Th-Thirty kilograms?!
Th-This is...
Th-This is bad!
Th-This is heavy...
Th-This is more than I expected.
Th-This is my first show in Japan...
Th-This is trouble!
Thus far, eight pairs of Star Wings have appeared.
Thus I allowed her a personal brand.
Thus I allowed her a unique brand.
Thus I have a bit of a favor to ask.
Thus, I have a bit of a favor to ask.
Thus I have decided to prioritize endurance building.
Thus, some heartless people have said certain things to me.
Tickets for all their concerts sell out in five minutes!
Tickle tickle!
Tickle tickle come on!
Tickle tickle tickle come on!
Tickle tickle tickle tickle...
Tick tick tick...
Tick tick tick tick...
Tick tick tick tick... ding-dong!
Tie up a ribbon and cherish it, hello sister say!
Tighten your abs, and sing from your stomach!
Tile chop?
Tileman!
Tiles?
Tiles are a given...
time does not excuse how much you worried me!
Time flies when you're having fun.
Time for a break...
Time for the results!
Time's up!
Time to eat!
Time to get punished?!
Time to step on it with defensive driving!
Time, you say?
Tips?
- Tirelessly guiding others from the sky.
- Tirelessly serving as beacons of light in the sky.
Tirelessly serving as shining beacons in the sky.
'Tis but thy name that is my enemy.
'Tis the season for...
To all of you out there!
To An Uncharted Future☆ To An Uncharted Future☆ To An Uncharted Future☆ Let's go!
To avoid all our magic.
To be at the top of the Song Class—that was my dream.
to become the world's greatest idol!
To become the world's greatest idol!
To be frank, yes.
To begin with, I would like to determine your academic levels, so I will be administering a kanji reading test.
To be honest...
To be honest, after losing over and over to Yume, I got so frustrated I couldn't think straight.
To be honest, I don't know yet.
To be honest, I had originally planned to sit out Fall Fest.
To be honest, I'm in a bit of a pickle.
To be honest, I'm in a bit of a pinch.
To be honest, I never considered that I would lose.
To be honest, it's not finalized yet.
To be honest, I wanted to stand with you on stage.
To be honest, she's matured beyond my wildest imagination.
To be honest, we got lost at sea.
To be honest, you're not even on the radar.
- To be perfect and the best in the world.
To be the brightest star of Four Star Academy.
- To be the perfect best in the world.
To conclude Venus Wave, our organizer Elza Forte will deliver her closing remarks.
To conclude, we will now hold the S4 Crowning.
To contrast, Lily-senpai wore the Night Safari Coord, emblematic of nature after dark.
To create a magnificent dress, I have decided to better myself in order to cultivate the sound mind it requires.
To create an original brand of dresses crafted from my heart's love.
To create the greatest Premium Rare Dress...
Today at five PM, there will be a performance of Romeo and Juliet, Four Star version at the small theater.
Today has taken its toll on me.
Today, here and now, I ask that the stars and the world make their decision!
Today, I'd like to express my gratitude for everyone who cheers me on.
Today, I'd like to express my gratitude for everyone who's cheered for me.
Today, I'd like to return my gratitude for always cheering for me.
Today I'll give you each a very special autographed CD.
Today, I'm going to do my best Aikatsu and make my way toward my dream.
Today I'm gonna tell you all about the super popular Miracle Felicitaiyaki!
Today, I'm gonna tell you all about the super popular Miracle Felici-taiyaki!
Today is the debut of your Premium Rare Dress.
Today I've invited Nijino Yume-chan and Futaba Aria-chan to join me as guests.
Today, I was filled with power while watching how luminously the other girls glowed.
Today - m 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale Today Today - m 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600
Today... oh, it's about time for S4 TV.
Today on Aikatsu Wave, we have a very special guest for you!
Today our new homeroom teacher, Liliko-sensei, is finally starting.
Today, Saotome Ako-chan from Four Star Academy has come to sing for you!
Today's Beauty Class S4 Selection is being billed as a one-on-one fight between the two.
Today's Beauty Class S4 Selection is even being called a front for their one-on-one mortal combat.
Today's contestants are these idols!
Today's course is chicken acquired from Nagoya City sautéed in fresh herbs.
Today's curry is ready to eat!
Today's event is one more step towards your goal.
Today's fashion show was fabulous!
Today's February 3rd.
Today's fitting is for a dress she's actually going to wear on stage.
Today's foundational lesson is in acting.
Today's foundational lesson is in acting. I've even invited a very special instructor for you all.
Today's Fresh Idol Gathering is brought to you by...
Today's Fresh Idol Gathering will be brought to you by...
Today's main program will be a concert held by Four Star Academy's first-years, but due to unforeseen circumstances, they'll be arriving late.
Today's morning steak is...
Today's morning steak is a cut of Hida beef.
Today's show was a real blast.
Today's steak comes from a cut of Tajima beef.
Today's steak is an Okinawan-brand original, Ishigaki beef.
Today's steak is high quality French Boeuf de Bazas with foie gras.
Today's steak is made from Saga beef.
Today's steak was made from Maesawa Beef.
Today's steak was prepared from Yonezawa beef.
Today's success was only due to Shiratori's support.
- Today's the day, sister sister - kyou kara sister, sister - Today's the day, sister sister - kyou kara sister, sister Hap-C embarrassing-C it's my happy punch!
Today's theme is how to be stylish in a yukata.
Today's visitor is a current middle school student as well as the top idol, Shiratori Hime-san from S4.
Today's visitor is a middle school student and top idol, Shiratori Hime-san from S4.
Today's when we get our new homeroom teacher, Liliko-sensei.
Today these two will be performing a new song just for everyone at the Flower Mall.
Today, tomorrow, and evermore kyou mo asu mo kore kara mo Today, tomorrow, and evermore kyou mo asu mo kore kara mo Even after I become a grown-up watashi ga otona ni natta to shite mo Even after I become a grown-up watashi ga otona ni natta to shite mo
Today was all sorts of overwhelming.
Today was my win, but there's no telling what might happen next.
Today was overwhelming again.
Today was really exhausting.
Today we are as one. Our hands will grasp victory together.
Today we have a schoolwide assembly. Therefore, I will now conduct a uniform inspection.
Today we hold the welcome party for our new students.
Today, we hold the welcome party for our new students.
Today we'll be introducing...
Today, we're at the highly acclaimed Kira Café.
Today we're having a special autograph and handshake session!
Today we took you on a tour of Kirakira City's popular spots.
Today we've come to the highly-acclaimed Kira Cafe.
Today we've invited a few little future idols along.
Today, we've invited a few little future idols along.
Today will be my first time trying Elza beef.
todomaritakunai jibun ga iru no Right now, I don't want to be caught up staying in one place ima wa hitotsu no basho ni todomaritakunai jibun ga iru no Right now, I don't want to be caught up staying in one place ima wa hitotsu no basho ni todomaritakunai jibun ga iru no
To do that, Episode Solo is the best song we could pick.
To entertain the fans in the stadium during that break, they hold a halftime show.
To exhilarate from the stage!
To fly?
To foster your own personal glimmer at this academy, we teach you how to self-produce.
﻿Together...
Together!
Together?
together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu!
together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - Aikatsu! - All together - All together - All together
together - All together - All together Here.
- Together we are the best! We are, we are! - Futari nara saikyou desho!? desho!?
Together with the cuteness of the checkered frills, this is a new Spice Chord.
Together with you!
Together with Yuri-chan.
Together with Yuri-chan Together with Yuri-chan Together with Yuri-chan Fresh Idol Election Fresh Idol Election Fresh Idol Elections...
Together, you are the strongest!
Together, you can go to the ends of the earth!
Together, you can shine brighter than before.
Together you'll be able to share your worries and encouragement.
To get into S4!
To get the result I want, I have to Aikatsu with everything I've got.
To give the blatantly obvious answer, it's because it's Christmas Eve!
To have ambition, to challenge oneself, to stand strong against any obstacle.
To have the level of control required to strike a pose is admirable.
To having a brand or being a muse.
To help them along, we've prepared a project for them to participate in.
tokimeki wo matou no Each time I blink my long, glistening eyelashes tsuyameku nagai matsuge ga mabataku tabi ni Each time I blink my long, glistening eyelashes tsuyameku nagai matsuge ga mabataku tabi ni It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo
tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne
tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne tokubetsu na kankei da yo ne When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart
tokubetsu na kimi dake ni And I won't ever stop for you itsumademo tsutaetai And I won't ever stop for you itsumademo tsutaetai And I won't ever stop for you itsumademo tsutaetai - Let's go! - Let's go!
- Tokyo east city That's mean!
- To light of what's to come, it is best that everyone sees her perform.
to lose to my sister.
to make her individuality shine.
- To make Spice Chord the best brand in the world.
- To make Spice Chord the best brand in the world Sakuraba Laura Oh, that's great!
Tomato?
- Tomato, you'll be in the cooking segment today, so be careful not to end up as part of the recipe. - Tomato, you'll be in the cooking corner today, so be careful not to end up as part of the recipe.
- Tomato, you'll be in today's cooking corner, so be careful not to get mixed in accidentally.
To me?
To me...
Tomo ni yukou mirai wa toumei negau yo muunraito hikari sasu hou e ongaku to nagareteyuku kono yubi tomare!
tomo ni yukou So let's go together tomo ni yukou The future is hidden mirai wa toumei The future is hidden mirai wa toumei So wish to the moonlight negau yo muunraito So wish to the moonlight negau yo muunraito Head towards the light hikari sasu hou e Head towards the light
Tomorrow I'm going to go and ask her to explain everything.
Tomorrow is our center audition.
Tomorrow is the show.
Tomorrow is your long-awaited Theater Class S4 Selection.
Tomorrow?! On such short notice?
Tomorrow's finally the recording date, so prepare accordingly.
Tomorrow's the day.
Tomorrow's your big show.
Tomorrow, Venus Ark will depart from Japan to go on a Live Tour Cruise across the Pacific Ocean.
Tomorrow we'll be holding a Shirogane Lily revival concert!
Tomorrow will be my turn.
to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still
to new heights which never stay still Dream over dream, one step at a time, to new heights which never stay still furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku furueru you na takami e to yume wa yume wo koeteiku Don't only look at the pretty
Tongue-lashing?
Tonight at six.
Tonight brought to you by Kira Kanata...
- Tonight, come take in our performance.
Tonight, come witness our performance.
Tonight I may not be able to sleep due to the anticipation.
Tonight is Halloween!
Tonight's appetizer is vegetable aspic.
Tonight's main event, Kasumi Yozora-san's performance!
Tonight this entire town is a carnival Pumpkin ghosts spin and twirl and dance Where is I? Who am this?
Tonight we'll put aside all the formalities and have as much fun as we can!
- Tonight you can witness our performance.
Too bad!
Too bad.
Too bad about the result.
Too bad. Everything belongs to Perfect Elza.
Too bad for you, Tsubasacchi!
Too hot...
Too many amazing people are out there...
Too much responsibility?
Too scary!
Too scary, I can't stop sh-shaking...
Top class idols emit an aura with their very presence.
Top-class idols emit an aura with their very presence.
To perfectly be the best in the world.
top four can compete in the Final Tournament.
- Top idol!
- Toppu aidoru Ru? Beautiful and ru...
To protect our dream!
To prove that I'm the muse of Spice Chord now.
Top Spinning - Top Spinning - Nikaidou Yuzu Top Spinning Top Spinning - Top Spinning - Nikaidou Yuzu - Top Spinning - Nikaidou Yuzu - Top Spinning - Nikaidou Yuzu Why don't we play a recording for all her parts?
To put it simply, I sing for my own sake alone.
To put it simply, I sing for myself.
To put it simply, the reason I came here was to hone my five senses.
To put it simply, the reason I came here was to train my five senses.
To put it simply, we're practicing self-sufficiency on an uninhabited island.
To put it simply, we're trying to say that there's no such thing as a worthless experience in life.
Toranku ippai ni yume tsumekonda nara Fill your suitcase to the brim with all your dreams So was yours! I'm so happy to have met you, Ichigo-chan.
tori mo kusa mo utau yo merodii Smell the fragrant flowers and the scent of water hana no kaori ya mizu no nioi saa Smell the fragrant flowers and the scent of water hana no kaori ya mizu no nioi saa Let's head for our favorite places suki na tokoro e mukaou
torn and rended wings kizutsuita tsubasa wo furuwasenagara Desperately beating my torn and rended wings kizutsuita tsubasa wo furuwasenagara Yet I will live on flapping with all my might soredemo habataite watashi wa ikiru Yet I will live on flapping with all my might soredemo habataite watashi wa ikiru Yet I will live on
To see how far your Aikatsu have developed.
To share the stage with you as the first-star idol wearing a dress I designed.
To share the stage with you, the first-star idol, wearing a dress I designed.
To shine as I take my own path...
To start things off, I would like to examine the Princess Diamond they mentioned.
to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart sora wa nani mo iwanai tada nagareru bakari
to strengthen the heart Each falling tear can serve to strengthen the heart nagareru namida ga kokoro wo tsuyoku suru nagareru namida ga kokoro wo tsuyoku suru Sew together a dress from the past and future Sew together a dress from the past and future kako kara mirai e nuriawaseta doresu
To surpass my sister!
To take my own path.
To take the stage with Koharu-chan wearing a dress she designed.
Total coverage of Hime-senpai... how lucky.
To tell you the truth, Hime-chan's hobby is actually napping.
To tell you the truth, I had a similar experience with our own headmaster.
To tell you the truth, I'm an idol!
To tell you the truth, we received a report from the host just earlier.
To tend, unfailingly, unflinchingly, towards a goal, is the secret of success.
To that end...
To that end, I will become everyone's guiding light, Yume Yume Yume illuminate the path ahead, and be the brightest-shining first star.
To the future mirai e On a journey tabi no tochuu To the future mirai e Bon Voyage!
To the future mirai e To the future mirai e On a journey tabi no tochuu On a journey tabi no tochuu To the future mirai e To the future mirai e Bon Voyage!
To the great detective Pinky Cat, no mystery is unsolvable!
To the Holy Night!
To the next set.
To the people who lent me their support, to the people who waited this half year.
To the Sky in My Color!
To the triple tonkatsu fried shrimp with piles of cabbage curry ice!
To the unseen future.
to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart
to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite It will guide you with a
to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite Close your eyes and listen to the voice of your heart hitomi tojite kokoro no koe wo kiite It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru
To think I would end up assistant to the super strict sleuth, Tsubasa-senpai...
To think I would end up the assistant of the super strict sleuth, Tsubasa-senpai...
To think that our Nijino has become the top idol of the world.
To think this all began with my plan to acquire Hime Shiratori.
- To this day, her fans call her the illusory idol.
- To this day, she is known as the illusory idol among her fans.
To this day, she's called the illusory idol by her fans.
To this exciting and elating, thrilling and chilling night You should have collected countless tiny lights throughout your life. If you can find the right one...
to this glimmering world kagayaita sekai e to me wo samasu no yo Gentle light pours down upon my blossoms yasashii hikari ga tsubomi ni furisosogeba Gentle light pours down upon my blossoms yasashii hikari ga tsubomi ni furisosogeba I'm no longer scared as I go up, up and raise my hands
Tournament?
to utau anata e I'll sing to you there How did second-year Shirogane Lily do?
to utau anata e I'll sing to you there I felt a shiver.
to utau anata e I'll sing to you there I'm only going to Russia for a shop opening event, so I'll return in two or three days.
to utau anata e I'll sing to you there Lily-chan stole this old man's heart!
to utau anata e I'll sing to you there to utau anata e Lily-chan, welcome back!
towa no yume mo oikakeru unmei yo Fated to chase after an eternal dream towa no yume mo oikakeru unmei yo Fated to chase after an eternal dream towa no yume mo oikakeru unmei yo Fated to chase after an eternal dream - I say hello - I say hello
Toward a Sky of My Color!
Toward a Sky of My Color Toward a Sky of My Color Toward a Sky of My Color Aozora Hiyoko! A fledgling like you is no more than a burden!
To wear a dress crafted from my heart's love.
To what?
To win, clear the challenges and be the last one remaining.
To your question with an obvious answer, it's because it's Christmas Eve!
to yourself in a new place...
To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru He should be arriving soon.
To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru To Yuuki Subaru
Train.
Training?
training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora Onee-chan Invitation Yahoo, Mahiru Let's have a training camp in my room tonight. We'll be waiting Yozora Training camp?
Training methods that my respected Hime-senpai and Elza-san created.
trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed We sincerely apologize for the inconvenience.
- Travel Kaede Sushi - But which first?
Très bien!
"Triathlon Idol Fest"?
- Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest - Triathlon Idol Fest
Triathlon Triathlon Idol Fest Idol Fest On your marks.
Trick or treat!
Triplets?
Tristar? Soleil?
Tristar will be the ones to wrap their hands around the prize.
Tristar will emerge victorious and claim the prize.
Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord
Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Tropical Beach Coord Yuzu-senpai's performance and
Tropical delicious fish. Bon appetit!
True!
True...
True. As an idol with fans of all ages and genders, this role takes full advantage of my universal appeal.
True, but it's a welcome change of pace.
True, but then I noticed everyone at Venus Ark working so hard for Elza-san.
True, but then I noticed that everyone at Venus Ark works so hard for Elza-san.
True, each place is made more fun because Laura's so reliable.
True False Quiz!
True... however.
True, it does have an air befitting the name of queen.
True, it is the perfect role for someone popular among all ages and sexes with universal appeal as an idol such as myself.
True, let's take a rest.
True love chocolate for the person of your affections.
True love chocolate for the person you like.
True. Nothing gets me fired up like a good challenge.
- True, nothing gets me riled up like a good challenge.
- True. Nothing gets me riled up like a good challenge.
True or false?!
True Rivals.
True Rivals True Rivals What? You're relocating to Italy?
True, there's so much you can learn by doing Aikatsu with someone else.
True, this should provide for a rather interesting show.
Truly?
Truly fit for a queen!
Truly, I thank you.
Trust in yourself!
Trust in yourself.
Trust me.
Try again.
Try and keep your head facing forward.
Try and make it up here!
Try and stop me if you can!
Try drinking it.
Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together
Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together hitori hitori chigau kara kiseki issho ni tobou It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together
Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa It's a miracle we each have our differences, so let's fly together
Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry
- Trying to power beyond your ability will tear you apart one day.
Trying to power beyond your ability will tear you apart someday.
- Trying to power beyond your own ability will one day tear you apart.
Try making it yourself if you get the chance.
Try singing this note.
Try some of my 99-ingredient salad.
Try this on for size!
Try to keep your head facing forward.
Ts-Tsubasa-senpai!
Tsubasa!
Tsubasacchi!
Tsubasacchi, I heard that first-year girl decided to listen to you!
Tsubasacchi, I heard that first-year girl finally agreed!
Tsubasacchi reached a new level.
Tsubasacchi's getting all the girls.
Tsubasacchi, that was your best work yet!
"Tsubasa-chan"?!
tsubasa ga oresou na pinchi ni sae Even backed into a corner, wings about to break tsubasa ga oresou na pinchi ni sae Even backed into a corner, wings about to break tsubasa ga oresou na pinchi ni sae There's one phrase you have to learn manabu kotoba aru hazu yo
Tsubasa, Mahiru, what do you think?
- Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting - Concept Sexy Cool Adult Cute It really feels like we've formed a unit now.
Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Let our very first unit meeting ever commence!
Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Excuse me, girls?
Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Thank you for your time.
Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora First Unit Meeting Tsubasa - Mahiru - Yozora
Tsubasa needs me to come right now for an unexpected interview.
Tsubasa's already here.
Tsubasa says something came up and they need me for an interview.
Tsubasa-senpai!
Tsubasa-senpai?
Tsubasa-senpai?!
Tsubasa-senpai.
Tsubasa-senpai...
Tsubasa-senpai and Yozora-senpai...
Tsubasa-senpai can project such reassurance with one glance of the eye.
Tsubasa-senpai, do we have your permission?
Tsubasa-senpai has a lot of fans in Beauty Class too.
Tsubasa-senpai. Honestly speaking, what did you think of our acting?
Tsubasa-senpai, I'm a huge fan!
Tsubasa-senpai, I'm sorry.
Tsubasa-senpai is a star of both the stage and TV.
Tsubasa-senpai, I sincerely apologize for today!
Tsubasa-senpai is so cool!
Tsubasa-senpai is the coolest!
Tsubasa-senpai is the stage director, so you're her assistant.
Tsubasa-senpai is the stage director, which means you're her assistant.
Tsubasa-senpai, look!
Tsubasa-senpai looked sterner then than I've ever seen her before.
Tsubasa-senpai looked stricter than I've ever seen her before.
Tsubasa-senpai, please let us help out.
Tsubasa-senpai really is perfectly flawless...
Tsubasa-senpai's acting is something else.
Tsubasa-senpai's acting is wonderful as well.
Tsubasa-senpai Seminar!
- Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar - Tsubasa-senpai Seminar Theater Class Theater Class A member of S4 and at the top of Theater Class,
Tsubasa-senpai's going abroad too?
Tsubasa-senpai's just too scary.
Tsubasa-senpai's show will be in the academy's private grand hall.
Tsubasa-senpai was a Theater Class admin at the time, and I learned a lot from her.
Tsubasa-senpai, were you worried at all?
Tsubasa-senpai. What did you think of our acting?
Tsubasa-senpai, what's next on the agenda?
Tsubasa-senpai, with you going off to the high school, dorm life will be so much duller.
Tsubasa-senpai, with you going off to the high school, living in the dorms will be so unexciting.
Tsubasa, thank you again.
Tsubasa, you prefer cool clothes, right?
- Tsukamanakya ne... Hi!!
tsuki mo hana mo sono hane sae mo aoku somatta Drawn in by irresistible power aragaenu chikara ni yorisoinagara Drawn in by irresistible power aragaenu chikara ni yorisoinagara Drawn in by irresistible power aragaenu chikara ni yorisoinagara Desperately beating my torn and rended wings kizutsuita tsubasa wo furuwasenagara Desperately beating my
tsumetai yubisaki hajiku doroppu Bring that sweet morning dew to your lips amai no asatsuyu no hitokuchi tte Now go out raspberry picking with the little birds sa machiawase kotori to kiichigo tsumi Rest in a swaying hammock knit with silver wind gin no kaze wo anda hanmokku hirari - So sweet step
tsutaetai yo kono daiji na kimochi minna no sono haato made I want these precious feelings to strike through everyone's hearts todoke! kooru & resuponsu de Reach out with a call and response todoke! kooru & resuponsu de Reach out with a call and response Selection Selection Selection Day 4
T-T...
T-Taiyou-san!
T-Tile chop!
T-Trick or treat!
T-Tsubasa-senpai!
T-T-T...
Tune in next time to see another Hime Curry Plan!
TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT Drop out if you can't go on, Kirara.
TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT TURNABOUT
turned out to be backstage work.
Turned out to be backstage work.
t u r n l i e s a f e e l i n g I v e n e v e r k n o w n p e e j i w o m e k u r u t a b i n i s h
TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End - Aikatsu TV - End Today's shoot was so much fun.
TV executives have also taken notice, and rumor has it that she'll play the lead in the next seasonal drama.
TV industry veterans are also giving her their attention, and rumors even say that she'll play the lead in the next seasonal drama.
TV Winner!
Twenty girls have been gathered under today's clear blue skies for the audition.
Twist harder!
Two!
Two.
Two Childhood Friends.
Two-hundred and fifty!
Two teru teru girls!
Two times!
Two two of us?!
Two, two, three...
Two, two, three, four.
Two weeks after the audition.
Two weeks passed since the audition.
Two years ago it was Nikaidou Yuzu-chan, and last year was Sakuraba Laura-chan.
- Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform - Regular - Platform 1 - Due to a signal failure, the trains on this platform have been delayed - Destination - Destination - Delayed - Boarding Platform - Boarding Platform - Type - Type - Time - Time - Platform - Platform
Ue wo mukeba taiyou kirari The sun is shining up above us mabushiku nare motto ne urging us to shine more brightly kimi wa hikaru daiyamondo You are a brilliant diamond atarashii kagayaki no merodii and the melody of a new sparkle tsumazuita shunkan kuyashisa kamishimete Stay positive through every setback
Ugh, fine.
Uh...
Uh, but you don't look like me.
Uh, I'm pretty sure you're the amazing one for being able to keep up with me.
Uh, no, I...
Uh, Sashida-san?
Uh, you're way off the mark.
Uh, you told her about that?
Um...
Um, anyway!
Umarenai mirakuru tte nanda?
Um, are you... okay?
Um, before we begin...
Um, but...
Um... come on, where is that four-leaf?!
Um, could I have your autograph?
Um, could you give an example of how?
Um, does that mean that I have talents still sleeping deep inside me?
Um, do you always carry these around with you?
Um, do you and Laura-chan argue about who's number one too?
Um, I don't get what you mean by saying you came to plunder me.
Um, if it's all right with you, would you mind teaching us your techniques?
Um, if the venue has 500 seats...
Um, I have no idea what you mean by saying you came to plunder.
Um, I'm nervous about having my first solo live, but I'll do my very best to have a successful concert.
Um, I'm nervous about it being my first solo live, but I'll do my very best to make it a successful concert.
Um... I'm sorry.
Um... I'm sorry, Hime-senpai.
Um, I'm very sorry, but Hime-san is...
Um, in Finland, we spend Christmas with family.
Um, in Finland, we spend Christmas with our closest family.
Um, I should apologize too.
Um, is this an idol school?
Um... it's friend chocolate, I guess?
Um... it's Nijino Yume.
Um, I was just going to ask if you wanted to think about what we're forgetting, or something...
Um, I wasn't really praying, it's more like I kinda made a wish without thinking.
- Um, I wasn't really praying, more like I kinda made a wish without thinking.
Um, Lily-senpai. Can I ask you a question?
- Um, rather than praying, it's more like I kind of wished without really thinking.
Um, she likes custard cream...
Um, so...
Um, Sumomo-chan, I...
Um... thank you.
Um, the new S4 is just me again.
Um, the new S4 rep is just me again.
Um... there! Here, look.
Um, this event was constructed rather suddenly— Was there a particular reason for it?
Um, those things before, the...
Um, T-Tonking?
Um, uh...
Um, wasn't this supposed to be for an ice cream audition?
Um, well...
Um, well, I want to be just like Hime-senpai in S4.
Um, well, I want to be just like Shiratori Hime-senpai in S4.
Um, were you just about to practice your lines?
Um, we tagged along with her.
Um, what about everyone else?
Um, what about me?
Um, what about the other staff?
Um, what are you doing?
Um, what brings you here, Asahi-senpai?
Um, what do you mean?
Um, what was it you used to say back then?
Um, who are you?
Um, why did you choose us?
Um, why would Elza-san say something like that?
Um, yeah...
Um, yes...
Um, Yuzu-sama.
Um, Yuzu-sama. I have to say...
Unbelievable!
Unbelievable.
Unbelievable...
Unbelievable. Every single one of you...
Unbelievable. Forget half-baked, you're not even one-third baked.
Unbelievably, you made your debut as a zero-year old baby.
Unbelievably, you made your debut as a zero-year-old baby.
Underclassmen and third-years will draw lots separately to determine their order.
Under my instruction, every idol on this boat is molded in my image.
Under ordinary circumstances, my MC skills remain a trade secret.
Understood!
Understood.
Understood...
Understood. I'll adjust this and fit you in.
Understood. I'll be relying on you.
Understood. I'll inform Yume at once.
Understood. I'll rearrange this and fit you in.
Understood. I'll see you after, then.
Understood, I will deliver it shortly.
Understood. I will dispose of them summarily.
Understood. Please shoot it once more!
Understood. The Four Star police force offers you our full security deployment.
Understood. Then I'll return to school...
Understood. Then until later.
Understood! Tomorrow I will show you my greatest performance yet!
Understood. You may go.
Understood, Yuzu-sama. We shall immediately organize an audition within Dance Class...
Understood, Yuzu-sama. We will immediately organize an audition for Dance Class...
Under the day's clear skies stand the twenty girls selected to take part in the audition.
Under the glow of the brightest star, any other would simply look dull.
- Under the glow of tomorrow's full moon, - we shall alight to pilfer the - Shiratori-held legendary Princess Diamond. - Shadow Star Thieves This card...
"Under the glow of tomorrow's full moon, we shall alight to pilfer the Shiratori-held legendary Princess Diamond." Signed, the Shadow Star Thieves.
Under your father's orders, I have come to escort you back.
Undone by genius.
Unfashionable, exhausted-looking makeup, doesn't get candy...
Unfashionable, overworked makeup, doesn't get candy...
Unfortunately...
Unfortunately, it seems you were unable to obtain a Star Premium Rare Coord.
Unfortunately, it's the same for me.
Unfortunately, I was so busy preparing for this show that I was unable to make my own chocolate this year.
Unfortunately, no matter how much she worked, she could grasp neither.
Unfortunately not.
Unfortunately not. Did you honestly think it would?
Unfortunately, she was unable to grasp either no matter how much she worked.
Unfortunately, the stuntman canceled at the last minute.
Unfortunately, time has run out.
Unfortunately, we can't delay on our end.
Unhand me!
Uniqueness...
Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition
Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition Campaign Unit Audition Campaign Unit Audition Campaign Unit Audition
Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition - Campaign Unit Audition We're here to choose a campaign unit for Ko-cafe.
Unit Fest Unit Fest Unit Fest Let's show them our perfectly practiced performance!
university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy - "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy That's one long title!
university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy - "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music university on their first try" - Application Requirements - Be student of Four Star Academy - "The story of a group of studyholic girls who formed a rock band and got into a music
- Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles
- Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles - Problem - Known angles - Unknown angles Problem Known angles Unknown angles With origami!
Unless somebody knocks us off the rails.
Unless you are able to conquer that power, Grade-up Glitter is a special item sent directly by brands themselves to those they see fit to use for brand dresses.
Unless you are able to create a dress far surpassing what you have done before, you will never be accepted as worthy of a Star Premium Rare Dress.
Unless you can conquer that power, then your life as an idol...
Unless you can fully take on Romeo's feelings, you'll never be able to move the audience!
Unlike Hime-senpai, I may not be someone you can rely on just yet...
Unlike the other ones, we don't even know where to start.
Unlike you, I happen to be busy.
Unlike you lot, I have things to do.
Unlike you lot, my schedule is full.
Until...
Until I reach the sun with my Neptune Wings, I won't stop my Aikatsu!
Until next time.
Until one day, when she suddenly vanished from under the spotlight.
Until then, I shall continue to sing.
Until we meet again!
Until we reach our first star!
Until you figure it out, a Star Premium Rare Coord will be out of your reach...
Up!
up is Rainbow Berry Parfait.
Up next is Kasumi Mahiru-san's performance!
Up next is the girls band that worked its way up from roadside shows, Rock Rock Girls!
Up next it's time for our advice corner.
Up next, Nanakura Koharu. Come on!
Upon a flower word.
Upon doing so, you shall have a revelation.
Upon doing so, you will have a revelation.
Upset with her?
Upsy-daisy.
Up to me...
Upturn!
Up until now, Venus Ark only accepted idols who Elza personally scouted.
Up we go.
Ure C hazuka C watashi happii panchi Hap-C embarrassing-C it's my happy punch!
Ure C hazuka C watashi happii panchi Let's spice up this hesitant and ambiguous flavor yowamushi tomadoi fureebaa supaisu ni shichau zo Let's spice up this hesitant and ambiguous flavor yowamushi tomadoi fureebaa supaisu ni shichau zo All of our feelings can be sweet soda donna omoi mo amai sooda de
Ure C hazuka C watashi happii panchi Let's spice up this hesitant and ambiguous flavor yowamushi tomadoi fureebaa supaisu ni shichau zo Let's spice up this hesitant and ambiguous flavor yowamushi tomadoi fureebaa supaisu ni shichau zo All of our feelings wrap it up with a smile donna omoi mo egao de rappingu
US4?
Use a brightly colored obi, and add some fun patterns too.
Use this.
Use this chair.
Use your diaphragm!
- Use your entire body to act.
Use your Tundra Diva power to encase the whole hall in ice!
Us four, together forever.
Using this!
Us or Soleil?
Us too. It's a pleasure to meet you.
Utilizing the inherent power of words to imbue the cards with our emotions.
Utterly impossible!
U-Um...
U-Um, and your thoughts...
U-Um, huh?
U-Um, Investigator Tsubasa. We have a strict checkpoint set up for everyone entering the estate.
U-Um, I—Please excuse me!
U-Um, Senpai. Trick or treat.
U-Um, Tsubasa-senpai!
U-Um... Tsubasa-senpai, I'm happy to see you again.
Valentine's chocolate from you, my beloved, is more precious than gems.
Various S's?
Vaulting box, come on!
Venom...
Venue Ako-chan and Rei-san will scout the venue.
Venue at stationfront plaza - The goal is to create a fun atmosphere for everyone in Kira Kira City to spend an enjoyable evening - Venue Area: - Max Occupancy: - Other: Can accommodate 100 booths Stage area can be altered - Dear Four Star Academy's Moroboshi, Thank you for always assisting us. Would you be interested in planning a wonderful event with us? We would like to invite Nijino Yume-san, Sakuraba Laura-san, Kasumi Mahiru-san, and Saotome Ako-san to produce it.
Venue Presents Promotion We've got a lot of wonderful ideas.
- Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue - Presents - Venue
Venue - Yes.
Venus Ark?
Venus Ark?!
Venus Ark...
- Venus Ark Aikatsu! - Elzacise - A fake - _________ - _________ - You can pick anywhere in the world and - Aikatsu there!! - A prince...
Venus Ark! And even Yuri-senpai!
Venus Ark appeared without warning.
Venus Ark came without warning.
Venus Ark collects idols across the seven seas.
Venus Ark collects idols from around the world.
Venus Ark departed from Japan to travel the Pacific Ocean on their cruise tour.
Venus Ark does not accept applications.
Venus Ark does not accept applications in the first place.
Venus Ark Elza Forte No response. Mother really isn't...
Venus Ark has no need for cowards.
Venus Ark is a world-renowned idol school, isn't it?
Venus Ark is full of surprises...
Venus Ark is home to idols from around the world.
Venus Ark is on a totally different level.
Venus Ark is shutting down?
- Venus Ark Last Stage - Venus Ark Last Stage - Venus Ark Last Stage - Venus Ark Last Stage - Venus Ark Last Stage - Venus Ark Last Stage What will their last show be like?
Venus Ark may be falling apart.
Venus Ark organized and opened the idol event, Venus Wave.
Venus Ark organized an idol event, Venus Wave.
Venus Ark, set sail!
Venus Ark's scary rumor.
Venus Ark's Scary Rumor!
Venus Ark students usually make up the majority, but now Four Star is included!
Venus Ark students will traverse a set course and gather candy at each stop.
Venus Ark Venus Ark In fourth: - Four Star Academy's Kasumi Mahiru-san!
Venus Ark Venus Ark In second: Four Star Academy's Nijino Yume-san!
- Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Proficiency Tests - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Proficiency Tests - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests Proficiency Tests
- Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark - Venus Ark
Venus Ark will be terminated as scheduled.
Venus Ark will close down.
Venus Crisis!
Venus is the brightest planet out there!
Venus is the brightest star in the sky!
Venus Wave?
Venus Wave has been held in countries all over the globe.
- Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking - Aikatsu Ranking Aikatsu Ranking
- Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave Venus Wave Venus Wave Venus Wave Venus Wave Venus Wave is an idol event
- Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave - Venus Wave
Venus Wave will be streamed in real time to 32 different countries.
Very good. Every day is fulfilling.
Very good morning!
Very good! The work's just getting started.
Very good! We won't have a minute to rest up until the event.
Very good. Why the sudden call?
Very impressive.
Very informative. I'd love to ask you more, but it looks like we're out of time.
very much for today!
Very much for today!
Very nice!
Very nice.
Very nice. A coord with the cuteness of a fairy and one with the refreshing flow of water.
Very nice. Coords featuring a cute fairy and the refreshing flow of water.
Very nice, very nice!
Very nice, Yozora-chan.
- Very smart. And that girl in second...
Very soon I'll be holding my first solo live...
Very, very much.
Very, very, very...
Very well.
Very well. Do as you see fit.
Very well. I await to see just how far those wings will take Aria Futaba.
Very well. I have a very important job for you.
Very well, it may be for the best if you knew my true objective.
Very well, I will at once.
Very well. Show me how far those wings can take Aria Futaba.
Very well then.
Very well then. I do not consider myself a demon.
Very well, Yuzu-sama.
Via this method, the kanji will be drilled in through the movement of your body, leaving their marks on your mind!
Victory belongs to Dance Class!
Victory belongs to Kirara-chan!
Victory goes to the Four Star Fairies!
Victory is inevitable.
Victory is within my grasp, and I will not loosen my grip!
Victory is within my grasp, and I won't allow it to escape!
VICTORY Okay!
Victory tomorrow belongs to us.
VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY VICTORY Theater Class is going to aim for total domination!
Vienna coffee.
Viennese coffee.
- View Available Seating - Go Back Stage All full?!
Viewers, it's in your hands!
Viewers, please take it away!
﻿Viewers, we wish you a happy New Year.
- VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut This is a ticket to my brand reveal.
- VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - Kizaki Rei Brand Debut - VIP Ticket - VIP Ticket - Kizaki Rei
Virtual program: Terminate!
Visitors of Spa Resort Okunotani, thank you for your patience!
Visitors, please assemble in front of the stage.
voices will resound forever Their performance was awesome!
voices will resound forever What beautiful wings!
- Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball - Volleyball That reminds me, didn't you announce a new song at the Volleyball World Championship's opening ceremony?
- Vote Accepted!
Votes decide who in the finals takes home the prize as well.
Votes decide who takes home the ultimate prize as well.
- Vote - Vote - Vote Accepted!
Voting closes in a week!
Voting will be open for the next week.
Voyage! The skies and seas overlap one another - sono buruu kirihiraite kaze kitte - Separate the blue line and cut through the wind Sekai wa donna ni mo utsukushiku atarashii kana Come, let's find out just how beautiful and exotic the world is Bon Voyage!
V-Very intriguing.
waa kono hoshi Wow, look at the stars waa kono hoshi Wow, look at the stars waa kono hoshi Wow, look at the stars waa kono hoshi See, aren't they pretty?
Wah, look behind you!
Wait!
Wait.
Wait...
Wait, Ako-chan!
Wait, aren't you Nijino Yume-chan?
Wait, are you...
Wait a second.
Wait a second, why am I talking like I'm gonna be the one graduating?
Wait a second, why am I talking like I'm graduating myself?
Wait, but...
Wait, didn't you say you weren't coming?
Wait for me!
Wait for me, geez.
Wait for me, idols of the world.
Wait, how do you even plan to...
Wait, huh? Where's Laura?
- Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room
- Waiting Room - New Student Debut Concert - Waiting Room Yume-chan, I'm so nervous!
- Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room - Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume - Waiting Room
Waiting Room Saotome Ako Sakuraba Laura Nijino Yume Nanakura Koharu The rest of the show is a drama.
Wait, isn't that...
Wait, isn't that song...
Wait, isn't this...
Wait! Isn't tomorrow the Last Minute Live?
Wait! Isn't tomorrow the Last-Minute Live?
Wait, I think I get it now!
Wait, Koharu?!
Wait! Laura!
Wait, Mahiru!
Wait, Mahiru-chan and Laura?
Wait, Nijino-san!
Wait, please don't tell me I gained weight!
Wait, right now?
Wait, Sakuraba-san!
Wait, that konbu...
Wait, there's no time for this! Come quick!
Wait, this girl...
Wait, this is just a regular pajama party!
Wait, this isn't right!
Wait, um...
Wait up!
Wait, wait! Don't go!
Wait, wait, just hang on! If you leave now, Koharu won't be able to get any!
Wait, wait, the Silver Snow...
Wait, we have another test?
Wait, what?
Wait, what are we talking about?
Wait, what?! Elza-san's our rival?!
Wait, what's that supposed to mean?
Wait, what's that suspicious shadow on the back hills?
- Wait, what's the suspicious shadow on the back hill?
- Wait, what's the suspicious shadow on the back hills?
Wait, where did Yuzu-senpai and Lily-senpai go?
Wait, where's Laura?
Wait. Which way did we come from?
Wait—who?!
Wait, who's that?
Wait, why?
Wait, why Nijino-san?
Wait, you mean the Aikatsu Budokan?!
Wait, your name...
Wait, Yume!
Wake up.
Wake up, my talents!
wakiagaru kono merodi ai no rokkun rooru!
waku waku panchi na kanji Hold on! I had an image of the older sister I longed to be matte! souzou shiteta you na oneesama ni wa Hold on! I had an image of the older sister I longed to be matte! souzou shiteta you na oneesama ni wa Isn't this getting further further away?
Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you awanai kutsu wo haita mama ja aruki tsukarechau ne Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you awanai kutsu wo haita mama ja aruki tsukarechau ne Because our dreams aren't small enough to be stuffed in
Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit right will end up tiring you Walking in shoes that don't fit
Walking is all about balance!
Walking is all about your balance!
Walking with a friend in the dark is better than walking alone in the light.
Wandering around gives me the spark that lets me create novel Dress Makes.
Wandering around lets me absorb all sorts of inspiration and helps me create novel Dress Makes.
Wanna come explore the campus with me then?
Wanna come with me for a run?
Wanna keep going?
Wanna run through it?
Wanna see it together?
Want candy?
Want it?
Want me to grab something?
Want one?
Want some candy?
wan tsuu surii foo no Magic It's a view that nobody's ever seen before dare mo ga mita koto no nai koukei It's a view that nobody's ever seen before dare mo ga mita koto no nai koukei - I'm looking for partners to go find it with - mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu
wan tsuu surii foo no Magic It's a view that nobody's ever seen before dare mo ga mita koto no nai koukei It's a view that nobody's ever seen before dare mo ga mita koto no nai koukei I'm looking for partners to go find it with mi ni yuku nakama wo boshuuchuu
Want to hold a Christmas concert with me, Laura?
Want to meet at the main gate tomorrow morning at nine?
Want to see?
Want to take a look?
Want to try?
Want to try on a few?
Want to try one, Aria-chan?
Want to try some on?
Want to watch the others?
Was all that stuff about becoming an idol just talk?
Was Hime-senpai, right?
Was I not clear?
Was it not on the audition results sheet?
Was it not written in the audition results announcement?
Wasn't it?
Wasn't it difficult to collect four of them though?
Wasn't it exhilarating?
Wasn't it fun learning all sorts of new things today?
Wasn't it hard doing that all yourself?
Wasn't Rock Rock Girls a four girl band?
Wasn't Rock! Rock Girls! a four-girl band?
Wasn't she really good at climbing trees?
Wasn't she the one with the extraordinary performance at the new student debut concert?
Wasn't she the one with the extraordinary performance during the new student debut concert?
Wasn't she with you?
Wasn't she wonderful, Kame-san?
Wasn't that a lovely performance?
Wasn't that Laura-chan?
Wasn't that so much fun?
Wasn't the dress Yume-chan created today simply adorable?
Wasn't there a scene where Marissa reminisces about her past after seeing pearls?
Wasn't this girl on TV?
Wasn't your goal to defeat Onee-chan?
- Was one of the first S4 leaders of Song Class, Yukino Hotaru.
Was one of the first S4 members of Song Class, Yukino Hotaru.
Was that a story to cry at?
Was that her true skill, or simply a coincidence?
Was that just...
Was that magic?
Was that not allowed?
Was that not to be expected?
Was that overly opaque?
Was that really because of my ability?
Was that really because of my own abilities?
Was that really worth crying for?
Was that scene really so emotional?
Was that too opaque to understand?
Was that you giving me advice?
Was the entire purpose of this event to draw out more Star Premium Rare Coords?
Was this one of the first people in S4?
Watashi tachi no Wonderland sekai wa kyou mo Movin kokoro hitotsu ni shite utainarasou issho ni utaou I'm so glad! Rock Rock Girls were the best!
watashi tachi no Wonderland The world is moving today as well sekai wa kyou mo Movin The world is moving today as well sekai wa kyou mo Movin Make our hearts as one and let our song be heard kokoro hitotsu ni shite utainarasou Make our hearts as one and let our song be heard
watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo It brings me another step closer to adulthood watashi wo otona ni suru hontou da yo Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou Now, it's time to head out with a racing heart saa takanaru kodou de dekakeyou
Watch closely, and see what it means to be a top idol.
Watching a musical in English gets us used to hearing it spoken and makes it less intimating.
Watching a musical in English gets us used to hearing it spoken and more comfortable than before.
Watching an admin's work up close should prove quite educational.
Watching you brought to mind the words of a prima ballerina.
Watching you do that gives me energy.
watching your brilliant performance with your Star Wings!
Watching you two fills me with determination.
Watch me.
Watch me closely! I will show you exactly how the rookie teacher, Shirogane Liliko, lives her life!
Watch me perform.
- Watch Out For The Sister Battle!!
Watch over her.
Watch over her, right?
Watch us, everyone! Yume-chan and I have a grab bag surprise for you!
Watch us, everyone! Yume-chan and I have a grab-bag surprise for you!
Watch us, Koharu-chan. We'll put on the best show you've ever seen!
Watch very closely what it means to be a top idol.
Watch your back, Hanazono Kirara!
Water! Water!
Waver, worry, struggle, and you may one day reach your dream.
Way to go! As for me...
We accept your challenge.
We accept you with open arms.
We accomplished it by working together.
We actually have it now. Well done!
We added cute ribbon and heart decs too.
We added matcha flavoring to the sponge cake.
We added matcha flavor to the sponge cake.
We admins have plenty of experience idoling as your upperclassmen.
We admins will be organizing a Christmas party to hold on Christmas Eve.
We Aikatsu with the goal of becoming Diamond Friends, which everyone dreams of.
We all did.
We all got the chance to appear in an original movie for the Four Star Film Festival.
- We all got the chance to appear in an original movie for the Four Star Movie Festival.
- We all got the chance to star in an original movie for the Four Star Movie Festival.
We all had the day off, so we decided to go check out some place we hadn't been before.
We all had the day off, so we decided to go check out some place we haven't been before.
We all looked for them together.
We all love you, Ako.
We all participated in Yuzu-senpai's treasure hunt event.
We all rushed over during the downtime between jobs.
We all worked our hardest to proclaim to the world that the idols of Four Star Academy had arrived.
We all worked our hardest to proclaim to the world that we idols of Four Star Academy were here.
We all wrote our wishes together.
We already know plenty of special people close to us!
We also...
We also exchange presents with everyone.
We also flew over the cheese from Switzerland.
We also flew the cheese in from Switzerland.
We also have the S4 Christmas Live on the day of, so it will be extra tough to balance.
We also have to rehearse for our Christmas concert.
We also have to rehears for our Christmas concert.
We also have warm drinks.
- We always have each other's backs!
We always snacked on them together when we were younger.
We apologize for causing you all this much trouble.
We appoint them ourselves?
We are.
We are about to enter a tunnel.
- We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Please be patient for a while - Please be patient for a while Please be patient for a while It's time to announce who passed the Jewel Ice Cream event audition.
- We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating - Deliberating - deliberating
- We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently - We are currently
We are Four Star!
We are Four Star Academy's Theater Class.
We are holding a party tonight.
We are looking for a unit capable of combining East and West into a whole greater than its parts.
We are looking for a unit who is able to combine East and West sensibilities into a whole greater than its parts.
We are... not in a relationship yet...
We aren't children any longer.
We aren't children, you know.
We aren't permitted to falter.
We are stars.
We are The Admins!
We are the Demon Lord's generals.
We are the four glimmering stars, S4!
We are the mysterious pretty guardians, The Admins!
We are witches.
We are working to find a successor as quickly as possible.
We are working to find my successor as quickly as possible.
We are your hosts.
Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no
Wearing dresses in light and adorable colors makes it feel like you can actually fly!
Wearing it during your training will build muscle in all the right places to give you an ideal body.
Wearing it while training will build muscle in all the right places to give you an ideal body.
Wearing this dress makes it seem like you can even use magic!
Wearing this dress makes me want to keep working hard at my Aikatsu tomorrow!
- Wearing your favorite dress naturally fills you with strength.
Wearing your favorite dress will naturally embolden you.
- Wearing your favorite dress will naturally inspire you.
wear the Shine Stars Coord, they're so radiant even the dresses seem happy!
We ask that all finalists now proceed backstage.
We ate a lot of them together when we were younger.
We believe she is the embodiment of this audition's theme, "everyone shine".
We believe that is Yuzu-sama's will as well.
We bid you adieu.
We both couldn't wait!
We bought all the famous treats from lots of countries.
We bought famous treats from all over.
We brought a little something for everyone to enjoy.
We brought back with us lots of memories, irreplaceable experiences, and best of all, Koharu-chan.
We brought medicine and energy drinks, and even a pillow!
We brought you a snack.
We burst on stage to the rhythm We burst on stage to the rhythm We burst on stage to the rhythm Singing out with our dreams Singing out with our dreams Singing out with our dreams She's your friend, right?
We call it...
We call it the Himetrain!
We call it: What's the S in S4 for?!
We call this complexion makeup, and it gives your face a healthy sheen.
We came!
We came to learn from Venus Ark's Aikatsu, but it feels more like we were at the mercy of their winds.
We came to study Venus Ark's Aikatsu, but today we were at the mercy of their winds.
We can be like them?
We can catch up to them with one push, Laura!
We can do Aikatsu anywhere in the world with them.
We can do this.
We can finally reclaim our adventure activities!
We can finally rest assured.
We can finally revive our adventure activities!
We can go to the zoo next time.
We can handle it!
We can hang out at my place next time.
We can help with advertising or anything else. Right?
- We can help with advertising or whatever. Right?
We can just have it?
We can make it over the mountain that seemed too high koerarenakatta ano yama mo koeresou We can make it over the mountain that seemed too high Let's go! mirai e issho ni issho ni Let's go to the future together, together Let's go! mirai e issho ni issho ni
We can make it through together, Yume-chan.
We cannot afford to falter!
- We cannot afford to wait!
We cannot allow that. It is a priceless Shiratori family jewel.
We cannot allow that. It is the treasure of the Shiratori family.
We cannot display it so openly.
We cannot go together.
We can not simply sit on our hands as our students are taken away!
We can probably get an idea if we go see Kirira-chan's performance.
We can probably get some kind of hint from her performance.
We can rest easy with next year's S4 in your capable hands.
We can see the world awash with smiles.
We can stay?
We can't afford to waste a single moment.
We can't allow them to traverse this snow!
We can't believe it was all to get her Sun Dress.
We can't be thankful enough.
We can't be the only ones on the receiving end.
We can't do this after all.
We can't get any closer like this.
We can't give up yet!
We can't go on while in the dark.
We can't hear you!
We can't interrupt her!
We can't just ask the audience to wait...
We can't just ignore it, huh.
We can't just ignore Venus Ark's power.
We can't let Mahiru gain the upper hand.
We can't let Mahiru show us up.
We can't let them leave us behind.
We can't let up for a second if we want to be the greatest idols in the world.
We can't lose to any of them!
We can't make them trudge through this snow!
We can't push back the concert any further, or the tour schedule after will suffer.
We can't push back the concert any further, or the tour schedule will suffer.
We can't relax for too long.
We can't rest easy.
We can't sail in this storm!
We can't seem to find anything.
We can't stay here.
We can't thank them enough.
We can't thank you enough.
We can use the projector?
We caught you!
We cleared the storm!
We connected it...
We could be the manager of a beach hut or a pool lifeguard!
We couldn't...
We couldn't find the bus stop, and got completely lost after looking around.
We couldn't get any useful eyewitness testimony.
We couldn't have crafted this performance without you.
We couldn't have done this without you!
We couldn't possibly miss this opportunity.
We couldn't travel very far though.
- We could only prepare a minimalist set, so please make due with it.
We could tell just how much you enjoy Aikatsu.
We decided to include a judges' special award.
We decided to include a special Judge's Choice award.
We'd end up facing off sooner or later anyway.
We developed this curry to turn our weakness into a strength!
We did it!
We did it because we wanted to, and it's something of an S4 tradition.
We did it because we wanted to, plus it's something of an S4 tradition.
We did it, Katsura-senpai! Lily!
We didn't expect the exam and event days to overlap.
We didn't get to talk at the end, so I'm leaving you this letter.
We didn't hear about that!
We didn't make it to the finals...
We didn't want you to get lonely.
We'd like to introduce our viewers to a very special idol today.
We'd like to train a bit more on our own.
We'd love to participate.
We do!
We do, but it's nowhere near as extravagant as this.
We don't have lessons because of summer break, so it's a great chance to try out different things.
We don't have much time. We'll need to rush the preparations for our dresses and program and such.
We don't have the leisure for romance.
We don't have time for romance.
We don't have to worry anymore.
We don't need a stuntman. I'll jump.
- We don't need to worry anymore.
We don't often get to be in a unit, so I'd like to wear matching dresses.
We don't want our lead actress getting in trouble for being late.
We do pretty much everything together, and being with them fills me with confidence.
We each have our own differences.
We eagerly await you all to join us.
We eagerly await your attendance.
Weekend Kirakira Stage Nijino, Sakuraba, I guess you're here for that job...
- Weekend Kirakira Stage There are a few questions we'd like to ask Kisaragi Tsubasa-san.
- Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage And we're rolling!
Weekend Kirakira Stage Weekend Kirakira Stage Starting today, they're having a weekly Weekend Kirakira Stage event here for new idols.
- Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage
- Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage Weekend Kirakira Stage Weekend Kirakira Stage What inspired you to produce this event?
- Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage We'll begin with the interview.
- Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage - Weekend Kirakira Stage We made it.
Weekend Kirakira Stage Weekend Kirakira Stage Why are they trying so hard?
We ended up finding all seven luckies, but individuality is something you've gotta find yourself.
We enrolled at same time, but you always had to take time off.
We enrolled the same year, but you always had to take time off.
We even have a gig right after.
We even used an amazing Appeal!
We failed.
We figured it'd be tough for the eventgoers to get through this.
We finally completed it.
We finally got through them.
We first-year students...
We followed Mahiru-neesan just to cheer her on...
We forgot the station bento?
We found Alan!!
We found Tetsuya-kun and Caroline in time for the show too.
We found you.
We get to fully enjoy the role of princes displaying the beauty of ladies.
We get to fully enjoy the role of princes letting the ladies shine.
We get to perform as Soleil as our reward!
We give our opinions on the food they serve.
We gladly accept!
We go around Kirakira City as reporters and hit up all the hot spots.
We got along so well we were nearly inseparable.
We got held up at work.
We got some many great dress ideas, and each one is a work of art in itself.
We got the offer because of all our hard work.
We got the offer because of our hard work.
We got thrown out.
We got to see something incredibly rare.
We got to see something rarer than a blue moon.
We had a lot of fun too!
We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other We had certainly found each other
We happened to run into each other in the park the other day.
We hardly ever get to have the family all together.
We hardly ever have the chance to gather as a family.
We have a few candidates drawn up.
We have a few pens to choose from.
We have a gig together later, don't we?
We have all the candy you could want right here.
We have a lot to be grateful for to Japanese Aikatsu fans too.
We have a lot to do.
We have already brought our guests into the investigation.
We have already contacted Four Star Academy.
We have an announcement for you.
We have an announcement to make.
We have an emergency,.
We have an emergency.
We have a new Best of S4 album, Stars Shower!
We have a schoolwide assembly today. Therefore, I will conduct a uniform inspection.
We have a situation. In the next scene...
We have a wide variety of reference books here.
We have been forced to involve our guests.
We have come for your lives!
We have descended here in order to approach the four glimmering stars.
We have descended to chase down the four glimmering stars.
We have even more stages lined up for you to enjoy tonight!
We have half an hour for the rehearsal. Can you handle it?
We have installed a special app on them.
We have installed a special program on them.
We have less than a day until the recording.
We have made... no such plans.
We have made... no such promise.
We have no idea when a chance like this will come again, so we took the opportunity to take tomorrow off.
We have no other choice.
We haven't moved in minutes.
We haven't transferred in.
We have only one stop left now.
We have our Aikatsu.
We have our own show right now, so we can't do anything.
We have our work cut out for us.
We have something to tell you.
We have some very special guests visiting us today.
We have steak ready and waiting!
We have the S4 Christmas Live on the same day, so it will be extra tough to balance.
We have to face Elza-san's power head on and improve ourselves.
We have to face it head on and improve ourselves.
We have to get just as serious!
We have to go and talk to her directly.
We have to put our strength on display!
We have to relight Elza-sama's spark!
We have to say goodbye?
We have to say goodbye today.
We have to set up early in the morning, so you should turn in early.
We have to shove our true strength in her face!
We have to show everyone what we've got!
We have to talk to Ako!
We have to work hard too.
We have to work our hardest!
We have with us the producer...
We heard about Nanakura-san's farewell party.
We heard it live in concert before coming to Four Star Academy.
We heard you're going to be in Tsubasa-senpai's show!
We held A Premium Night!
We held our matriculation ceremony just last week.
We held the Spring Festival, also known as the class sorting auditions.
We held this event to show our gratitude, but now we're the ones being thanked.
We held this event to show our gratitude for them all, To all people on Earth!
We help each other in times of need!
We invited the best people we could think of to close out the first day of Aikatsu Island.
We invite guests and hold a special performance.
We invite special guests to hold a performance.
We just can't figure out who the Tundra Diva is supposed to be.
We just got here ourselves.
We kind of rushed it.
We knew you'd say that!
We know!
We know.
We know! So please let us help you out with everything other than your dress!
Welcome!
Welcome, and please enjoy.
Welcome, babies.
Welcome back!
Welcome back.
Welcome back, Elza-sama.
Welcome back, Elza-sama. How was it?
Welcome back from the commercials! Let's get this Koukadou campaign unit audition on the road.
Welcome back Koharu-chan!
Welcome back, Koharu-chan!
Welcome back, Laura.
Welcome back! Let's get this Koukadou campaign unit audition on the road.
Welcome Back Party Koharu-chan, you changed!
Welcome back to M4's show, Fun! Fun!
- Welcome back to M4's show, Fun! Fun! Bring Your Heart To Full Throttle!
- Welcome back to M4's show, Fun! Fun! Cranking your heart to full throttle!
Welcome back. You're late today.
Welcome home.
Welcome home, Mahiru.
Welcome, ladies of the first year.
Welcome, Laura.
Welcome, one and all!
Welcome party?
Welcome! Perfect mother!
Welcome, Perfect Mother!
Welcome to another episode of M4's Fun!
- Welcome to another episode of M4's Fun! Fun! Bringing Your Heart To Full throttle!
- Welcome to another episode of M4's Fun! Fun! Cranking your heart to full throttle!
Welcome to Four Star Academy's Halloween Night.
Welcome to Four Star Academy's Shiratori Hime vs Nijino Yume exhibition stage.
Welcome to Four Star Academy's Shiratori Hime vs. Nijino Yume exhibition stage.
Welcome to The Best Music Show's three-hour Valentine special, brought to you live from our studio.
Welcome to the big idol event, the Amazing Idol Fes!
Welcome to the cafeteria!
Welcome to the finals of the Kira Kira Unit Cup.
Welcome to the first episode of "What's the S in S4 for?!" More importantly, Koharu-san.
Welcome to the twentieth annual Koukadou audition.
Welcome to TV Winner.
Welcome to Venus Ark. I'm glad to see you.
Welcome to Venus Ark, Japan's idols.
Welcome to Venus Wave!
Welcome to Welcome to A master of one art can excel in all others.
Welcome, visitors.
Welcome? We're just here on exchange from Four Star Academy.
Welcome? We've only come on an exchange from Four Star Academy.
Well?
Well...
Well, about that...
We'll accompany you for the occasion.
We'll achieve it no matter what!
Well, actually...
Well, after blowing everyone away with your last performance, I'm not surprised it took a toll on you.
We'll all work together to give Elza-san and their idols a scare!
Well, a lot happened.
We'll always be your superstar We'll always be your superstar We'll always be your superstar Superstar Superstar Superstar Bravo! Bravo!
We'll always help a sister in need!
We'll answer it with a wonderful dress.
Well aren't you late.
Well aren't you reliable!
Well, aren't you reliable!
Well, Aria-chan? Did you have fun?
We'll avoid putting blush direcly on your cheeks, instead applying it under your eyes.
We'll be able to see Yozora-senpai and Hime-senpai's Premium Rare dresses.
We'll be able to see Yozora-senpai and Hime-senpai's Premium Rare Dresses.
We'll be administering a test in one week's time.
We'll be at the plateau in no time!
We'll be back again.
We'll be back as soon as we can.
We'll be blocking the way here, so please line up to the side!
We'll be broadcasting to you live.
We'll be changing it to a somewhat special test format.
We'll be cheering for you!
We'll be cheering for you, so go and nail it!
We'll be cheering you on from France!
- We'll be choosing solely based upon your dresses, regardless of your year or class.
We'll become Friends and do Aikatsu that are way more fun!
We'll become so bright you won't be able to look away again.
We'll be coming out on top tomorrow.
We'll be counting on Mahiru to show what S4 can really do.
We'll be counting on you today.
- We'll be fine no matter comes at us.
We'll be fine no matter what comes at us.
- We'll be fine no matter what may come.
We'll be fine, right?
We'll begin after you remove your makeup.
We'll begin in just a moment.
We'll begin with a reading of the Rock!
We'll begin with a slide show of the highlights of Koharu's time at Four Star Academy!
We'll begin with a slide show the highlights of Koharu's time at Four Star Academy!
We'll begin with the styling lesson.
We'll begin with twenty push-ups!
We'll be giving you a different kind of test this time.
We'll be holding a big event at Four Star Academy this summer.
We'll be holding a big event Four Star Academy this summer.
We'll be holding a collaboration show with them, and among the events will be a fashion model contest restricted to first-years.
We'll be holding a collaborative show with them, and among the events will be a fashion model contest open only to first-years.
We'll be holding a contest on this program for your dress ideas.
We'll be holding an audition for it right away.
We'll be in the way over here, so please line up to the side!
We'll be introducing dresses and stages of notice.
We'll be introducing this bouldering studio.
We'll be keeping a close, close, close eye on Nijino Yume-chan.
We'll be passing out scripts to those of you interested.
We'll be putting our past year of Aikatsu to the test.
We'll be recruiting extras through a schoolwide audition.
We'll be recruiting extras through auditions held here at school.
We'll be regrouping!
we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart
We'll be spending the remainder of the summer here.
We'll be sure to finish rebuilding the stage in...
We'll be taking a half hour break followed by the second half.
We'll be taking on all sorts of one-day careers such as being a police chief or a pâtissière.
We'll be the band that tastes victory.
We'll be using the spice set I brought back from there to cook our own.
We'll be using the spice set I brought back to cook our own.
We'll be waiting at the base.
We'll be waiting for everyone interested at the auditions!
We'll be waiting for you applications!
We'll be waiting for you next week, same time, same channel.
We'll be waiting for your applications!
We'll be your hosts.
We'll be your hosts...
We'll be your hosts! Happy Koi-Koi Konpeito Nikaidou Yuzu, and...
We'll break for ten minutes!
We'll bring out their full potential.
We'll call it Mahiru's Stylish Girl Lesson!
Well, can't say I don't understand.
We'll cheer for you on Aikatsu TV!
We'll continue at a later date.
We'll continue this after I become the world's top idol.
We'll continue to dream together from now on, whether I want to or not.
We'll continue to fight until we've accomplished our goals.
We'll dance upon a shooting star to the rhythm Receive!
We'll do all the things we had recorded on stage, almost as if we're giving the audience a glimpse into the dressing room.
Well doesn't that sound intriguing.
Well, doesn't that sound intriguing.
Well? Doesn't this arouse you?
Well? Doesn't this excite you?
We'll do it!
We'll do it together!
Well done!
Well done.
Well done, girls.
Well done. I hope you'll do just as good for this afternoon.
Well done. Keep it up for the afternoon performance.
Well done, Laura! You came in best.
Well done, Laura! You're at the top.
Well done. That was a wonderful performance.
Well done today.
- We'll do the things we recorded on stage, - We'll do the same things we recorded on stage, Like a mini-play about giving the audience a glimpse into the dressing room.
Well? Do you feel refreshed, Yume?
Well, Elza-sama is really strict...
Well, Elza-sama said...
We'll emerge victorious.
We'll end today with an announcement.
We'll end up battling sooner or later.
Well even without that card, the two of us are always together.
We'll excuse ourselves now.
Well? Feeling motivated now?
We'll fight until we've accomplished our goals.
We'll fill you with the same emotion that overcomes you when you see a rainbow!
We'll finish it off by holding a pose together.
We'll finish it off by posing together.
We'll flood the world with smiles.
- We'll focus on capturing a star during the free performances held here at the academy area.
We'll follow you forever!
We'll get into S4 together...
We'll give this a hundred and ten percent!
We'll gladly accept. Goodnight.
We'll go search too!
- We'll go to the zoo next time.
Well, guess I can ask her at this.
We'll handle it!
We'll have a short interview with the victor.
"We'll Have Shining Career Experiences!" We'll be taking on all sorts of one-day careers, like being a police chief or a pâtissière.
We'll have the audience roaring with laughter.
We'll have the chef prepare you with mouthwatering food from around the globe.
We'll have to delay the start time.
We'll have to hurry.
We'll have to make sure we keep up.
We'll have to push ourselves even more.
We'll have to show them what we can do.
We'll have to step up our Aikatsu a notch and keep up with her!
We'll have to step up our Aikatsu a notch to keep up with her!
We'll have you become even more beautiful.
Well? Have you calmed down a bit?
We'll hear you out!
We'll heat up our Aikatsu even more throughout the summer!
We'll heat you up so much it'll melt all the snow away!
We'll help her too.
We'll help out, Yume-chan.
We'll help you make this into an unforgettable scene.
We'll hit the ground running. Three, two...
We'll hold a present exchange with the passerby!
We'll hold a present exchange with the passersby!
Well, Hoo-chan makes herself thinner when she's surprised.
Well, I...
Well, I actually kind of like it.
Well I am!
Well, I can definitely tell you made it.
Well, I can hear a piano.
Well, I can't disagree either.
Well I can tell what you're thinking too.
Well, I can tell what you're thinking too.
Well, I can understand being nervous.
Well, I couldn't really care less.
Well, I did plan on memorizing the script out here.
Well, I don't particularly care.
Well, I don't want to keep the driver waiting, so we should be going.
Well, I feel a little bad bringing it up after I made you the offer, but it comes with a condition.
Well, if it ever gets too difficult, you can leave it to me.
Well, if it isn't you two.
Well, if you really insist, it's not like I have a choice.
Well if you really insist, then it's not like I have a choice.
Well, I guess I can ask at her event.
Well, I'm not! It won't work unless we find all seven.
Well I'm not! We can't say we've conquered them unless we find all seven.
Well, I'm performing a lot more than I did before, plus I get to do a wider variety of work, so I feel fulfilled.
Well, I must admit that they probably look the best after me.
Well, I must admit they probably look the next best after me.
Well, in my case there was never any doubt I would make it.
Well? Isn't it easy?
Well? Isn't it simple?
Well? Isn't it unique?
Well, I suppose that's a fine summary.
Well, it looks like she's called the Fairy of Finland, Futaba Aria.
Well, it's actually quite difficult to explain it in words.
Well, it's... a secret!
Well, it says she's the Fairy of Finland, Futaba Aria.
Well, it's having more opportunities to be on stage, which has allowed me to sing in front of many more people.
Well, it's nothing really special.
Well, it's not like I didn't see this coming.
Well, it's not like I want to discourage you.
Well, it's not like you had any performances lined up.
Well, it's one thing to act confident in front of the girls, but I truly can't imagine beating Tsubasa-senpai.
Well, it's really nothing special.
Well it's true, they really are delicious.
Well, I was just thinking about how I could possibly repay everyone for this incredible celebration.
Well I wasn't nervous in the slightest.
Well, I wasn't nervous in the slightest.
Well, I won't deny it...
We'll just have to lend her a hand!
We'll just have to step it up in response.
We'll keep improving as well.
We'll keep singing to you, no matter when and where We'll keep singing to you, no matter when and where We'll keep singing to you, no matter when and where Nanakura Koharu.
We'll keep working hard at Aikatsu and share more fluffy sweet dreams!
We'll kick it off with our talk segment!
- We'll latch onto every chance... Hi!!
We'll lead off with fresh news.
We'll lead off with the freshest news.
We'll leave for now.
We'll lend you a hand, Laura!
Well let's see, I still have to buy some games at the toy store, then stop by the CD shop...
Well look who else is here.
Well, look who it is.
We'll make it into scrambled eggs and use them for egg sandwiches instead.
We'll make sure everyone enjoys a fun Christmas event!
We'll make sure to bring everyone a fun Christmas event!
We'll make sure you get elected!
We'll make this the greatest performance!
We'll make tonight the best Christmas ever!
We'll meet again, right?
Well, mine is...
Well, my sister does the Kasumi Yozora Advice Corner and such.
We'll need the design ready by the end of this week.
We'll need to kick it into high gear.
Well, no reason...
Well now.
We'll now announce the current top two classes who will go on to the final battle.
We'll now begin the Four Star Academy student council emergency meeting.
We'll now begin the press conference with the Final Tournament contestants.
Well now, do you think you can reach the candy?
We'll now move to record the theme song!
Well now that you mention it...
Well now... well, well well.
Well now... well, well, well.
Well obviously, I want Elza-sama to praise me.
Well of course, we need to totally redo the stage we built.
Well, of course. We need to totally redo the stage we built.
We'll prank you!
We'll prerecord what goes on backstage, I get it. If it's right before the actual performance, then it will create the feeling of taking a peek into what goes on in the dressing room.
We'll pump you up with a bang!
Well put. As for the girl in second...
Well put. Me too.
We'll put on our best show, so you'd better do it too.
We'll put on the best show ever, right?
we'll reach out to you Let's start our showtime, we'll reach out to you Let's start our showtime, we'll reach out to you Presenting you with our greatest shining harmony Presenting you with our greatest shining harmony Presenting you with our greatest shining harmony Filled with excitement and thrills Filled with excitement and thrills
We'll record what goes on backstage, and then play it just before the show.
We'll release our true power...
Well said!
We'll see who's laughing in the end.
We'll see you after.
We'll see you in a bit.
We'll send you on a tour of the ship for starters.
Well, she does seem meek most of the time.
Well, Shirogane? Are you in?
We'll show you all around the school.
We'll show you this bouldering studio.
Well so am I!
Well, some children get rowdy occasionally, but that's what makes them charming.
Well, someone's playing piano.
We'll split into groups and search!
We'll split you up into your classes and begin lessons right away.
We'll start with an energetic greeting from Ako-chan!
We'll start with the first task.
We'll start with the step-in.
We'll step it up too!
We'll stick with brown mascara, and try to aim for a natural finish.
We'll support you all the way.
We'll take a short recess for lunch and be back for the Second Stage with Elza Forte-san and Kasumi Mahiru-san.
We'll take care of it.
We'll take care of things here.
We'll take care of this!
We'll take on any fight that comes our way!
We'll take you there.
We'll talk later!
Well thank you very much!
Well, that all goes without saying.
Well, that was the natural outcome...
Well that was wishful thinking.
Well, that was wishful thinking.
Well, that would be because I skillfully managed to match her.
Well then...
Well, then...
Well then, congratulation!
Well then, for instance...
Well then, going for it is for the best!
Well then, I'll see you after.
Well, the pride of S4 and all that is important too, but more than that...
Well, there are some children who are occasionally rowdy, but that's what makes them charming.
Well, there goes that plan.
Well, they're looking for something fresh, novel, and bold that really shouts "new show".
Well, they're still cleaning up the last of the Aikatsu Island stuff.
Well, this is just a variety show, so don't worry and have fun with it.
Well, this is our senpai from school, Kisaragi Tsubasa-san.
We'll treat you to an extra-large parfait filled to the brim with bananas!
We'll turn this into scrambled eggs and use them for egg sandwiches instead.
We'll turn your ideas into a dress beyond your imagination.
Well, uh...
We'll unfurl the wings of our Berry Parfait.
We'll use that to decide who gets to be the center at the Soccer World Tournament finals.
Well, was that the right answer?
Well, we all worked together to make this for Yume-senpai.
Well? Well? Did you find my weakness?
Well well, my my. Have you returned from your journey through the imaginary?
Well well, now now.
Well, well. Now, now.
Well, well. The pleasure is all mine.
Well, well. Whatever happened to the Nijino Yume-sama who just had her own solo live?
Well, we were considering "STARDOM!".
Well, we were considering STARDOM.
Well, we were worried that you were going to bully Yume again.
Well, we were worried you were going to be mean to Yume again.
Well what did you expect?
Well, what did you expect?
Well? What do you think of my Dad's confections?
Well, who can guess?
Well why don't you sit down, and we can talk over tea...
Well, why don't you sit down, and we can talk over tea...
Well, with how you blew everyone away with your last performance, I'm not surprised it took a toll on you.
We'll work to treat Monica's cuticles.
Well, yeah! That's 'cause I brought it up for the first time just now.
Well, yes.
Well, you always seem to get a special surge whenever the pressure's on.
Well, you can attribute at least half of that to the MC secrets I shared with you.
Well, you could also say...
Well, you know. Congrats on making S4.
Well, you know... it's kind of embarrassing.
- Well, you're always able to bring out this huge power whenever the pressure's on.
- Well, you're always seem to get a special surge whenever the pressure's on.
Well, you're nothing like Yume here.
Well, you see, I'm probably going to be moving to Italy after this show because of my father's work.
Well you should look more carefully!
Well, you still pale in comparison to me, but I must applaud your results.
We looked up to idols and became fans of S4.
We look forward to learning with you.
We look forward to working with you.
We lost...
We lost once again...
We love animals!
We Love Laura-chan SAKURABA LAURA m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 - LAURA - m 846 111 l 1033 113 l 1035 227 l 939 204 l 939 198 b 940 194 940 191 939 187 l 938 181 l
- We Love You - We Love You - We Love You - Thank You - Thank You - Thank You - Thank You We love you!
We made a path...
We made a promise long ago to one day sing and dance together.
We made a radio announcement.
We made it!
We made it.
We made it in secret while you were busy with your lessons.
We made stage with our own hands.
We made this as a present for you.
We made this stage with our own hands. Now let's light it on fire!
We managed to make it somehow.
We may be graduating from school, but we won't be graduating as idols.
We may be graduating from school, but we won't be graduating from being idols.
We may never have another chance to take an audition with Yume-san!
We meet again, Japan.
We met Yume-chan and the others, and I was filled with reassurance knowing I made partners with the same courage.
We met Yume-chan and the others, and I was filled with reassurance seeing others with the same courage.
We might have been too focused on chasing after Yuzu-sama.
We might have to.
We missed them!
We moved in two years ago, but I've lived in Four Star Academy's dorms most of that time.
We moved in two years ago, but I've lived in Four Star's dorms for most of that time.
We must allow the detectives into our full confidence in order to ensure the success of tonight's show.
- We must be sincere in our appeals the reach the hearts of shoppers.
We must have our own idols step up as well.
We must meet the expectations they've laid out.
We must meet the expectations they've set.
We must not tarry.
We must say goodbye for a while.
We must stop them.
We nabbed yummy-looking grapes.
We need a new plan.
We need enough for four people, so three to go.
We need to be like you and Laura-chan and cheer everyone on together.
We need to build M4's fame and reputation.
We need to compete with something.
We need to face them seriously.
We need to find time to study between work and lessons. It won't be easy.
We need to get closer.
We need to make a new plan.
We need to raise our Aikatsu Ranking like Yume.
We need to step it up!
We need you!
We never found her.
We never introduced ourselves.
We now begin the Halloween Night bet with Four Star Academy vs Venus Ark!
We now open the final day of S4 Selections with Song Class.
We of M4 are going to be in that drama too.
We of S4 would like to introduce them with love from the bottom of our hearts.
We only came here to Aikatsu.
We owe a lot to Japanese Aikatsu fans as well.
We owe this all to you, Mahiru-neesan!
We pass through here before taking the stage.
We picked them just the other day!
- We plan to announce the release soon, so feel free to have high expectations!
We pulled off an amazing Appeal!
We raised the roof with our S4 performance, and all three days were a blast.
We ran into a crocodile in the Amazon just the other day.
We're about to figure that out.
We're about to raise the curtain.
We're adventuring in the uncharted nooks of the world!
We're adventuring unexplored places around the world!
We're ahead of schedule, so rest assured that we'll make it in time for your event.
We're a little more prepared for the test now.
We're all Aikatsu buddies now.
We're all been so busy there haven't been many chances to be together as a family.
We're all desperate to stand out, since this audition is about uniqueness.
We're all doing everything we can to make the director's vision a reality.
We're all dying to see just what S Yume has obtained.
We're all excited to see what the girls whip up for us.
We're all here for you.
We're all here now.
We're all Lily-chan's fans!
We're all on your side.
We're all precious partners.
We're all ready to go.
We're all set!
We're all set then.
We're all set then! On to the next step!
We're all striving to become the world's brightest star.
We really are the same!
We really don't want to neglect one of our company's top toppings.
We're almost there. Let's hurry.
We're already pushing for time.
We're always swamped for Christmas.
We're approaching the time limit.
We're both making eggs dishes?
We're both making straight eggs?
We're both students of the same school.
We received a request for you to make an appearance on an American music show.
We recently received a letter from one of our younger fans.
We're childhood friends. And this is Laura-chan, also in Song Class.
We're clear of the storm!
We're coming in.
We're coming to you live on New Year's day!
We're Demon4!
We're doing a concert next door in the Horizon Hall.
We're doing it for a TV program.
We're doing the next round now.
We're done!
We're drawing lots. Here.
We reeled in a much larger audience than expected.
We reeled in a much larger audience than I expected.
We're even heading to a gig right after this.
We're fast approaching the start of the Aikatsu Ranking Final Tournament.
We're filming a movie!
We're finally at the final test.
We're finally at the last test.
We're finally back!
We're finally back in Japan!
We're finally done with all the filming for New Year's.
We're fine, don't you worry.
We're finished here.
We're following the recipe to the letter, but they aren't turning out good.
We're following the recipe to the letter, but they aren't turning out well.
We're getting the chance to costar with S4 in a drama?
- We're giving out free taiyaki for all!
We're giving out the essentials to be a Four Star Academy student, a Student ID case and Class charms.
We're glad to meet you too.
We're going behind enemy lines, so I prepared for the worst.
We're going either way, so just make sure they're begging for us idols to come back.
We're going, President.
We're going to announce which dress we found the best now.
We're going to be fine, but how about you?
We're going to be holding a concert on Christmas Eve!
We're going to have you actually take the stage during halftime of today's game.
We're going to have you actually take the stage during today's halftime.
We're going to hold a concert on Christmas Eve!
We're going to perform in a live concert just for Christmas Eve.
We're going to rebuild the entire stage.
We're going to stay right here until you give up on the dissolution.
We're going to take part too?
We're going to wait for a replacement part and record it again.
We're going to wait for a replacement part and rerecord it.
We're gonna be on Aikatsu TV?
We're gonna make it into the Final Tournament!
We're gonna make this?
We're good!
We're good with this scene!
We're grateful for it.
We're happy to be here!
We're happy to be here.
We're happy to have you.
We're happy to see you here!
We're having a meeting in five.
We're having our first rehearsal for Romeo and Juliet, Four Star version!
We're here!
We're here.
We're here to see you, Yume-chan.
We're holding a holiday party as a reward for your hard work!
We're holding a holiday party to reward you for your hard work!
We're holding an event on this island.
We're honored by your praise.
We're huge fans!
We're idols from Starlight Academy.
We're in high school.
We're in the boys section of the school right now.
We're in the height of summer.
We're in the middle of a design lesson.
We're in the middle of filming a movie!
We're in this together!
We're in trouble, President!
Were it Anne of Green Gables, she would say, "Isn't it good just to be alive on a day like this?" I know you just got here, but can you help me stretch?
Were it Edison, he would say, "Our greatest weakness lies in giving up." Such old memories.
Were it Miguel de Cervantes, he would say, "When one door closes, another opens." Yume-san.
Were it my dear Anne of Green Gables, she would say: "Now there is a bend in it.
Were it Napoleon Bonaparte, he would say, "Take time to deliberate.
Were I to single out one source of my unease, it would be time.
Were I to use it...
Were it the American poet, Walt Whitman, he would say...
We're jumping straight into the cooking segment after, so please get ready.
We're just barely making it.
We're just fine, but how about you?
We're just responding in kind.
We're keeping our eyes on Ako-chan and Kirara-chan!
We're kicking off with a rival match!
We're late for move-in!
We're looking forward to it!
We're looking forward to seeing all of you there!
We're looking forward to working with you again today.
We're looking forward to your next race.
We're lucky all our stuff was pre-recorded.
We're lucky all our stuff was recorded.
were made by...
We're making it through somehow.
We're meeting up here?
We're middle school second-years are Star Harmony Academy.
We're middle school second-years at Star Harmony Academy.
We're nearing the end of the show.
We're not exactly sure how to use it.
We're not exactly sure how to use it, though.
We're not really friends, but something more special.
We're now going on break!
We're now past the 500 question fastest finger first quiz, and only four participants remain.
Weren't these from when...
Weren't they cute?
Weren't they incredible?
Weren't you about to say something just now?
Weren't you listening?
Weren't you that girl with the awesome performance?
Weren't you the one who scouted her?!
We're off the script, so just ad-lib it!
We're of one heart and mind!
We're okay, yeah?
We're only in our second year.
We're only one week away from the S4 Selection.
We're planning to add a segment called Chef Asahi's Cooking Show to M4's weekly TV program.
We're planning to add Chef Asahi's Cooking Show to M4's weekly TV program.
We're planning to entrust the all-important opening performance to our first-years.
- We're planning to entrust the all-important opening performance to the first-years.
- We're planning to entrust the all-important opening stage to a group of first-years.
We're pretty backed up on orders today.
We're pretty full up on reservations today.
We're pretty lucky we all got our schedules to line up.
We're proud members of Four Star Academy's S4!
We're ready from head to toe!
We're ready to announce the results!
We're recording at a studio nearby.
We're reuniting after all this time.
We're reviving our group!
We're rivals from here on out.
We're running late for our move!
We're scheduled to take the stage as presenters for our senpai.
We're selling tickets!
We're sending Laura-chan instead!
We're setting up at a nearby studio.
were shining so radiantly!
We're slotted to be presenters for our senpai's performance.
were so amazing, they're something special!
We're so grateful to have had the opportunity to witness such an amazing performance.
We're sorry!
We're sorry.
We're sorry we can't be with you more.
We're so sorry!
We respectfully accept.
were Spice Chord dresses.
We're starting with our talk segment!
We're still on our way to the future.
We're suited up!
We're taking CD jacket pictures for my new single.
We're the same.
We're thinking up ideas for a new dress.
Were those really Lily-senpai's true feelings?
We're up first after the opening ceremony.
We're very grateful.
We reward your efforts with this special giant chocolate.
We're well into preparations on our side, so we should be able to handle it from here.
Were you able to sleep well last night?
Were you coming up with a design?
Were you designing your dress?
Were you practicing all this time?
Were you taking shelter from the rain?
Were you thinking up designs?
Were you two hit with Punishment Time?
- Were you wrong this whole time?
We rushed to finish our work for Hime-senpai early.
We said the same thing.
We sang it when I was in S4 too.
We set sail for undiscovered Aikatsu, for we are perfect!
We set up a surprise party for you before you lead on your journey.
We shall alight to pilfer the Shiratori's priceless princess diamond." Should I take it as a challenge from the Shadow Stars?
We shall announce the judges' verdict at the conclusion of the show.
We share more history with sheep than most other animals.
We should be able to procure half an hour.
We should be directly above the Suzukaze Plateau, so why don't I see the stage lights anywhere?
We should be heading to the TV station soon.
We should be the ones thanking you!
We should get going.
We should get moving.
We should get started right away!
We should have expected that. She's a cat.
We should head over to help Laura pack...
We should help each other in times of need.
We should help look too!
We should probably figure out what kind of scenes to include before doing any filming.
We should probably give her some space tonight.
We should probably make our way to the fireworks soon.
We should search too!
We should turn back.
We should've asked them earlier.
We simply cannot sit quietly as our students are plucked away!
We simply love pampering our little sister.
We sincerely thank you for coming to participate in Four Star Academy's school festival.
We sincerely thank you for participating in Four Star Academy's school festival.
We sincerely thank you for supporting the idols of Four Star Academy over the past year.
We started here at the same time, but you always had to take time off.
We still come by once in a while.
We still don't know Yuzu-sama's whereabouts?
We still have many more questions from your viewers, Yozora.
We still have the live shows on New Year's Day, so don't relax just yet!
We still have the live shows on the first, so don't relax just yet!
We still have to appeal to the crowd.
We still have work and lessons too, so we'll need to study efficiently.
We strictly prohibit all audio or video recording of the show in any way.
We sure bought a lot.
We totally nailed it!
We tried our hardest to convince her otherwise.
We understand. I tried my hardest as well, but I still lost to Mahiru.
We understand. I tried my hardest as well, but still lost to Mahiru.
We used these during a training camp way back when. Do you remember?
We used these during a training camp way back when. Remember?
- We've all been so busy there aren't many chances to be together as a family.
- We've all been so busy there haven't many chances to be together as a family.
We've all got high expectations for your growth!
We've all loved the muffins here since we were kids.
We've all loved the muffins this place bakes since we were kids.
We've already known since so long ago donna suteppu fumeba ii no ka wa Which dance steps to follow zutto mae kara shitteiru yo Which dance steps to follow zutto mae kara shitteiru yo Let the curiosity burst from your heart koukishin ni kokoru hazumeba Let the curiosity burst from your heart
We've always had the same dream, shining like a prismatic rainbow.
We've arrived.
We've arrived at Four Star Academy!
We've asked everyone here to arrange their white T-shirt in accordance with their brand's concept.
We've been eagerly awaiting you.
We've been looking all day, but we still haven't found a single lead on the seventh lucky, the Tundra Diva.
We've been looking everywhere!
We've been waiting!
We've been waiting.
We've been waiting for you.
We've been waiting, Yume.
We've called in a pinch hitter, and it will be her fellow first-year, Nijino Yume, who will be singing with Shiratori Hime!
- We've convened to discuss the matter of the Venus Ark.
We've convened to discuss the matter of Venus Ark.
We've finally hit the one-week countdown till the class sorting auditions.
We've finished this side.
We've got a favor to ask.
We've got a live one on our hands!
We've got all our ingredients.
We've got a tough schedule this month.
We've got a variety of pens too!
We've got a very special guest here for you today on Aikatsu Wave!
We've got more lessons tomorrow.
We've got one shot, no do-overs!
We've got our job together after this.
We've got our own concert next door in the Horizon Hall.
We've got some big and happy news for you all today!
We've gotta at least pretend to judge them.
We've gotta expand the Aikatsu ring!
We've gotta follow her lead.
We've gotta go talk to Koharu-chan!
We've gotta make sure you've gotten over your hedgehog-phobia.
We've gotta share our amazing Aikatsu with everyone too!
We've gotten through the toughest part, so we can handle the rest ourselves.
We've got that covered. Right?
We've got the finished product.
We've got this one clinched.
We've got to go.
We've got work!
We've got work from dawn to dusk on Christmas Eve.
We've got work from dawn until dusk on Christmas Eve.
We've got you covered. Right?
We've grown a lot since that last time.
We've grown a lot since then.
We've had a lot of fun together, haven't we?
We've heard all about it from Yume-chan, but this is our first time actually here.
We've heard all about it from Yume-chan, but this is our first time seeing it ourselves.
We've hidden air bags under sand at the bottom.
We've invited a few rising idols from Four Star Academy's girls division.
We've invited the best people we can think of to close out the end of Aikatsu Island's first day.
We've lost once again...
We've reached our next stop.
We've reached the end of our program.
We've reached the finals where Lily and Yume will face Elza and Kirara head-on!
We've reached the third day of the S4 Selection with Beauty Class.
We wanna shine like you do, Mahiru-san!
We want a song that'll get people up on their feet, but it's hard to nail one down.
We wanted to assist you.
We wanted to see Yuzu-senpai dance.
We want to be more like you.
We want to keep doing Aikatsu together!
We want to see as well.
We want to see everyone at their best for the election.
We want to share these feelings with everyone here.
We want you to understand that too.
We welcome you aboard!
We welcome you with open arms!
We were almost finished though.
We were both really excited to make a lovely dress together.
We were both really pumped up, ready to make the loveliest dress together.
We were here just the other day.
We were just talking about the same thing.
We were only here for an exchange, but Koharu-chan is an actual student at Venus Ark...
We were only here on exchange, but Koharu-chan is an actual student at Venus Ark...
We were talking, and we thought that it would be nice if we could all go as a family.
We were trying to secretly peek in.
We were worried about Lily-senpai.
We will!
We will.
We will admit you for a full physical examination, Koharu-sama.
We will always be lighting your path as the most brightly shining stars.
We will be broadcasting the shows on Aikatsu TV.
We will begin the auditions now.
We will begin with Song Class.
We will be relying on you.
We will be waiting.
We will do everything in our power to fly to even greater heights.
We will do neither! Mahiru will definitely be here!
We will don the mantle!
We will go together and see the Aikatsu of a new world!
We will have each class compete in a beach flag race.
We will have to entrust ourselves to luck.
We will hold an aptitude test in order to measure your growth.
We will hold the S4 Appointment Ceremony to officiate the results at a later date.
We will hold the S4 Crowning to officiate the results at a later date.
We will not do either! Mahiru will definitely be here!
We will not lose.
We will not move from this spot until you abandon the ship's dissolution.
We will not return to Japan for a while.
We will not throw in the towel.
We will now announce the results of the audition.
We will now announce the winner.
We will now be conducting a surprise uniform inspection.
We will now begin the auditions.
We will now begin the next round.
We will now hold the auditions for Song Class.
We will part ways.
We will serve as your challengers!
We will, thank you.
We will therefore be holding an aptitude test in order to measure your growth.
We will win at any cost!
We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year Everyone!
We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year We did it!
We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas We wish you a Merry Christmas And a Happy New Year - Did you wait? I've been waiting!
We won!
We won't!
We won't get anywhere unless we can find a place.
We won the battle, but lost the war...
We won't know what'll work until we try it out.
We won't use any blush on your cheeks, instead applying it beneath your eyes.
We worked up quite the sweat.
We would be glad to have you.
We would be honored to host a show for an idol of Four Star Academy...
We would be honored to host a show for an idol of Four Star Academy if possible...
We would do the same thing for any first-year who came seeking our guidance.
- We would like to speak with each of you in a separate room one at a time.
- We would like to speak with each of you one at a time in a separate room.
We would like to speak with each of you one at a time in separate rooms.
- We would like you to demonstrate how brightly you can shine under restrictions.
- We would like you to demonstrate how brightly you can shine under these restricted conditions.
We would like you to demonstrate how brightly you can shine while under restrictions.
We would never forget you.
We would now like to present...
We would run day after day, and shout a whole bunch too.
- What?!
What?
What?!
What...
What a beautiful ending!
What about?
What about all the scouts?
What about Berry Parfait?
What about Elza-sama?
What about it?
What about Laura and the rest?
What about me?
What about Nijino Yume?
What about our outfits?
What about the back gate?
What about the competition?
What about the Ouroscopyosaurus?
What about the rehearsal?
What about the rest of S4?
What about the S card?
What about this?
What about you?
What about you, Ako-chan?
What about you? And what's with the outfit?
What about you, Koharu-chan?
What about you, Mahiru?
What about you, Yume?
What a chance, Yume-chan!
What a childish coord.
What a comeback!
What a deafening reception.
What a delectable smell.
What a display of sisterly love!
What a dress... it's beautiful.
What a dull show, utterly devoid of desire and passion.
What advice did you give her?
What a funny answer.
What a gig, Yume-chan!
What a girl.
What a girl...
What a good idea!
What a great story!
What a help!
What Aikatsu is waiting for me in the future?
What Ako-chan loves?
What?! Ako's leaving?!
What?! All of these?
What a lovely scent!
What, already?
What?! Already?!
What a magnificent tissue this is!
What a mess.
What am I doing?
What am I even doing?
What am I lacking?!
What am I missing?
What am I missing?!
What a miscalculation!
What am I supposed to do?
What am I supposed to do?!
What am I supposed to do from now on?!
What am I supposed to do now?!
What am I to do with her?
What?! A mountain retreat?!
What an amazing, amazing, amazing performance!
What an elegant finish!
What an exceptional smile...
What a nice breeze.
What a nice breeze. It's the perfect day to set flight for a new world.
What a nice breeze. The weather couldn't be more perfect to set flight for a new world.
What an idol is supposed to do.
What an improvement!
What an otherworldly texture.
What an utterly unpredictable performance!
What a pleasant fragrance.
What a pleasure to gaze upon my festive guests.
What a reaction. It's like the whole studio is shaking.
What a reliable daughter your parents have.
What a relief.
What a relief...
What are our options?
What are these?
What?! Are these all business cards from scouts?
What are the two of you doing here?
- What?! Are they all business cards from scouts?
What are they talking about?
What are those four doing together?
What are we exchange students supposed to do?
What are we supposed to do about this situation, Yume-chan?
What are we supposed to do now, Yume-chan?
What are we waiting for?
What are you?
What are you acting all friendly for?
- What are you aiming for in the class sorting audition?
What are you all doing?
What are you calling me?
What are you doing?
What are you doing here?
What are you doing? Is it Aikatsu?
What are you doing there?
What are you doing with that large bag?
What are you drawing?
What are you even doing?
What are you here for? And at this hour...
What are you intending to do with that slowing you down?
What are you praying for?
What are you referring to?
What are your impressions?
What are your personal feelings on the matter?
What are your plans for Fall Fest, Yume?
What are you saying?
What are you saying?!
What, are you sure?
What are you trying to say?
What are you two doing?
What are you wearing?
What are you writing?!
What?! Aria-chan's acting strange!
What a splendid day.
What a splendid view.
What a stretch!
What a stunning performance.
What a surprise!
What a touching film.
What a tremendous reception.
What a turnabout! Dance Class!
What? A TV program?
What a wonderful view.
What beautiful weather.
- What bottom?
What bottom?
What brings you here?
What brings you here at this late hour?
What brought this on now of all times?
What?! But she's so funny!
What?! But Venus Ark already left!
What? But we didn't win.
What, but why?
What can I do for her before it's too late?
What can I do for her one last time?
What can I do for them?
What can I do to beat Yume?
What can I sing to be unique?
What changed your mind?
What comes after two?
What comes next...
What could be attracting so many fans?
What could it be?
What could it be? Am I in trouble?
What could possibly attract so many fans?
What could she be doing in such a place?
What could the test be?
What could they have come for?
What cute buds.
What did I say?
What, did it not pan out?
What? Didn't you want to win?
- What did she mean by purpose of a dress?
What did she mean by the purpose a dress serves?
What did you come here for?
What did you get?
What did your ancestors do?
What did you say?!
What did you think?
What did you think of Elza's performance?
What did you think of my show?
What did you think of our performance?
What did you think of their performance?
What did you think of the surprise?
What did you want to ask?
What did you want to show me?
What did you want to talk about, Elza?
What did you wish for?
What did Yozora-san mean when she talked about the purpose a dress served?
What direction is it coming from?
What dish should we use?
What does?
What does everyone else want to do in S4?
What does it contain?
What does it mean to win?
What does she mean?
What does that bring to mind?
What does that entail?
What does that mean?
What? Does that mean we don't have a Romeo actor?
What do I do? Can I do it?
What do I do? Can I even do it?
What do I do? Nobody is going to come...
What do these blank lines mean?
What do these blank spaces mean?
What do the voters think?
What do you all think?
- What do you have planned?
What do you intend to do next?
What do you intend to do with my answer?
What do you mean?
What do you mean?!
What do you mean by another?!
What do you mean by "on their own"?
What do you mean, "doesn't get candy"?
What do you mean? I'm aiming for S4!
What do you mean? It's my Halloween cosplay.
What do you mean, Laura?
What do you mean, "something"?!
What do you mean, that's all?
What do you mean they're going to be late?
What do you mean, what?
What do you mean, what?!
What do you mean, what? It's all the press here to interview you.
What do you mean, why?
What do you mean you don't need it?
What do you mean you won't make it?
What do you mean, Yume-chan?
What do you need from Mahiru?
What do you plan to do afterwards?
What do you plan to do for Fall Fest, Yume?
What do you predict will happen?
What do you say?
What do you think?
What do you think about cooperating with outside idols in an attempt to mutually empower...
What do you think about cooperating with outside idols to mutually empower...
What do you think about half pants for the bottom?
What do you think about half pants for the bottoms?
What do you think about holding a show with Aria-chan?
What do you think about singing it for the judges?
What do you think about this one?
What do you think about this one then?
What do you think about us all heading over to have some Jewel ice cream for ourselves first?
What do you think about us all heading over to have some Jewel Ice Cream for ourselves first?
What do you think, Aria-chan?
What do you think'd be a good theme?
What do you think he means?
What do you think her brand is like?
What do you think is the greatest weapon of Beauty Class?
- What do you think is the greatest weapon of Beauty Class has?
What do you think it is?
what do you think, Kisaragi?
What do you think, Kisaragi?
What do you think of my designs?
What do you think of Nijino Yume?
What do you think of something like this?
What do you think of this?
What do you think of this event?
What do you think of this scent, this thickness?
What do you think's good for the theme?
What do you think she said?
- What do you think the greatest weapon of Beauty Class is?
What do you think we've been busting our butts for?
What do you think you know about me?
What do you think you're doing?
What do you think you're doing, Laura?!
What do you think, Yume?
What do you want?
What do you want so early?
What do you want to do?
What do you want to know?
What dress theme?
What'd you think of Kirara's show?
What'd you think, Subaru-kun?
what else?
What else?
What else could it be?
What else to call it but art?
What else to call it but youth?
- What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun - What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun - Each encounter and farewell made us a little bit stronger.
- What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun - What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen One, two, three, and Aikatsu!
- What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun - What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun - What else to call it but youth? - Nantettatte seishun Shooting straight for an uncharted future mada minu mirai e icchokusen Shooting straight for an uncharted future
What event?
Whatever about?
Whatever could she be doing in such a place?
Whatever could you be talking about...
Whatever future awaits us, we'll be fine.
Whatever is the matter, Miss?!
Whatever the case may be, should I judge her to be unfit for Four Star Academy, I can expel Nijino Yume whenever I wish.
Whatever will you do with it all?
What exactly does Elza-san mean to you?
What exactly does that mean, I wonder.
What exactly do you...
What exactly is it?
"What flavor muffin should I get today?" Before the great detective Pinky Cat no mystery remains unsolved!
"What flavor of muffin should I get today?" Huh?
What forbidden room?
What?! For how long?
What? From S4?
What happened?
What happened?!
What happened between them?
What happened? Just relax and act like you always do.
What happened to the person who created Venus Ark?!
What happened to your drive?
What happens if they hinder them so much that they're unable to find an S before time runs out?
What have I been doing?
What have we here? Bursting through the door are...
What have you got planned?
- What have you got planned for then?
What? Hey, Yume!
What if I really was?
What I forgot.
What if she comes late?
What if she doesn't make it in time?
What if we expand beyond Japanese treats, and make sweets from all around the world into princesses?
What if we move away from Japanese treats, I don't think there's time to find an expert in Western clothes.
What?! I haven't heard anything about that!
What I'm in need of...
What I'm into right now Japanese sweets waterfall tr How I spend my time Why did Anna-sensei make us do all that?
What? I'm much more grown up now.
What? I never said anything about liking her.
What? I never said anything about that.
What inspired you three to form a unit together?
What inspired you to make a unit with these members?
What in the world is going on, Koharu?!
What in the world is this?
What in the world is this?!
What is all this?
What is an idol?
What is Elza-san's favorite food?" This one's asking us to give a profile of Elza-san.
What is going on here?
What is going on? Why have you invited not just students, but also the general public?
What is going on? Why have you invited not just students, but opened this up to the public?
What is going through your head?
What is it?
What is it? Does that not make you happy?
What is it, Lily-senpai?
What is it, Mahiru?
What is it now?
What is it, Tamaki?
What is it that displeases you?
What is it that I'm lacking?
What is it that I wish for most?
What is it, Yume?
What is most important to keep in mind when creating a dress?
What is okay?
What is she doing?
What is she going on about?
What is that?
What... is that?
What is that supposed to be?
- What is the best thing about being in S4?
What is the matter?
What is the matter with you?!
What is the meaning of arriving late on such an important day?
What is the meaning of that absurd requirement?!
What is the meaning of this?
What is the most important facet of creating a dress?
What is the name of this one?
What is this?
What is this feeling?
What is this feeling of utter futility?!
What is this fuss about?
What is this intensity?
What is this one called?
What is with that ranking?
What is your dream?
What is your ideal Asian heroine like?
What is your name?
What is your vision for the brand's future?
what it means to be me mitsuketai watashi rashisa no hajimari ni I put on a layer of courage and a shade of enthralling make up make up yuuki wo hitonuri tokimeki wo matou no I put on a layer of courage and a shade of enthralling make up make up yuuki wo hitonuri
What I want...
What I want to convey...
What I want to do in S4?
What? I was aiming to win.
What kind of Aikatsu is waiting for me in the future?
What kind of Aikatsu will the Tundra Diva show us?
- What kind of brand do I want?
What kind of brand should I pick?
What kind of dress will it be?
- What kind of expression is that?
What kind of flower can strike its fancy?
What kind of lesson would that be?
What kind of magic?
What kind of magic did Yume use?
"What kind of person is Elza-san?
What kind of powerful performance will she put on?
What kind of ranking is that?
What kind of taste is that?
What kind of thing?
What kind of trouble?
What, Koharu-chan?
What'll happen to Spice Chord?
What'll happen to Subaru-kyun?
What?! L-Love?
What'll today's First Step be?
What'll we do for college?
What'll you do, Laura?
What?! M4 was charmed by Futaba Aria?!
What made it dance in joy the most...
What made you bring us all this though?
What made you decide to pass on your brand?
What made you decide to take this audition?
What made you step outside to meet your fans?
- What main color?
What matters most is your own will.
What movie?
What must be done...
What now?
What now?!
What now?! Hey, sister! This isn't the time for a siesta tte docchi? hey! sister shiesuta shiteru baai ja nai wa What now?! Hey, sister! This isn't the time for a siesta tte docchi? hey! sister shiesuta shiteru baai ja nai wa I'm begging you! Sister, sister onegai yo! sister, sister
What now? I can't do this!
What now? I've never done any of this before...
What now, Mahiru?
What now? Should we walk back?
What? Now they've gotten really into their dance talk.
What now? What now? What now?
What now? What now? What now? What now?
What now... What should I do?
What?! Now you've completely lost me.
What occurred?
What of Elza Forte?
What of it?!
What on earth happened to her?
What one-day careers could be in store?
What other kind of training do you do?
What performance?
What play are you doing?
- What purpose does a dress serve?
What, really?
What, really?!
What reason do I have to stand on this stage?
What reason do you have to devote all your attention on her?
What're you doing?
What're you doing all the way out here?
What're you muttering about?
What're you smirking for?
What're you watching?
What's...
What's 67 plus 76 plus 13 plus 31?
What's about to start?
What's after this?
What's a true rival?
What's brought all of you here together?
What's brought this on at this point?
What's brought you all in like this?
What, seriously?
What? Seriously?
What?! Seriously?
What, seriously? Then does that mean she's Shiratori Hime-chan's successor?
What's going on?
What's going on, Saotome?
What's going on? That looks like fun!
What's going on this early?
What's going on with Nozomu?
What's going to happen?
What's going to happen to us?
What's gonna happen?!
What's gotten into them?
What's gotten into you?
What's gotten you shouting like that?
What's got you both saying that?
What shall I do for Fall Fest?
What shall we do, Yume-chan?
What's happening?
What's happening here?
What's her name?
What she said back then...
What should I do?
What should I do...
What should I do, Koharu-chan?
What should I do to become a perfect idol like you were?
What should I focus on?
What should I get for lunch?
What should we do?
What should we do next?
What should we make?
What should we start with?
What should we tell her?
What show in two days?
What's important is the value Hime places in her.
What's important is the willingness to complement one another.
What's in that?
What's it doing here?
What's it gonna be?
What's it this time?!
What's left...
What's more impressive is being able to debut it this quickly.
What's most important is your friends.
What's my own trail, anyway?
What's next?
What's next on today's schedule...
What's one plus two?
What song do you think is unique?
What songs do we want to sing...
What song will you do?
What's on your mind, Investigator Tsubasa?
What sort of work are you doing today?
What's past is past.
What specifically are those feelings?
What's she mean, Yume-chan?
What's she on about?
What's so funny?!
What's so good about this place?
What's starting now?
What started it?
What? Stay and do it with us, Mahiru-chan.
What's that?
What's that mean?
What's that sound?
What's that supposed to mean?
What's that supposed to mean?!
What's the best thing about being in S4?
What's the best way to express each of us?
What's the key point of your coord?
What's the matter?
What's the matter, Kirara?
What's the matter, Nijino?
What's the matter? Why did you call me here?
What's the point in making a band?
What's the point of an impossible miracle?
- What's the point of an impossible miracle? - Umarenai mirakuru tte nanda?
What's the point of making a band?
What's the point of thinking you'll lose before taking the stage?
What's the point of you getting so worked up?
What's the problem?
What's the purpose of a dress that Yozora-san was talking about?
What's there to celebrate?
What's there to know?
- What's the S in S4 for?!
What's the S in S4 for?!
- What's the S in S4 for? If you wanna find out, search for it yourselves: The Game!
What's the S in S4 for? If you wanna find out, search for it yourselves: The Game!
What's this?
What's this, a date?
What's this business about being brilliant, like you know what it even means.
What's this maintenance in three days?
What's this mean?
What's this, the real Ako kitty?
What's Tileman?
What successor?
What's up?
What superb handling.
What's up, Mahiru?
What's up, Subaru-kun?
What's up with him?
What's up with Koharu?
What surprised me wasn't your notes, but the amount of effort you put in.
What surprised you?
What's with Mahiru making me come here just to ditch me?
What's with that dumb smile on your face?
What's with that getup?
What's with that girl?
What's with that outfit?
What's with this deliciousness?!
What's with this vaulting box?
What's with this? We're not going anywhere.
What's with you?
What's with you guys?
What's with you?! That's boring!
What's wrong?
What's wrong, Alice-chan?
What's wrong, everyone?
What's wrong, Kirara?
What's wrong, Laura?
What's wrong, Nijino?
What's wrong, Sakuraba?
What's wrong?! Shiratori, are you all right?!
What's wrong, Subaru-kun?
What's wrong? Why did you call me here?
What's wrong? You're spacing out.
what's your favorite flower?
What's your heart saying, Lilienne?
What, that's all?
What, that's it?
What the...
What?! The Adminz were defeated?!
What the heck do we do now?!
What?! The ingredients aren't cut up!
What?! Then...
What? Then what about you, Rei-chan?
- What?! These are all business cards from scouts?
What the... she's gone!
What the two forgot.
What The Two Forgot What The Two Forgot What The Two Forgot Here you go.
What to do...
What tricks will you surprise us with tonight?
What tricks will you use to try and surprise us tonight?
What unique Aikatsu.
what was it again?
What was it again?
What was it like to face Yume-chan?
What was it you were trying to tell me at the cafe?
What was it you were trying to tell me at the café?
What was that?
What was that all about?
What was that crazy sound just now?
What was that feeling just now?
What was that for?
What was that for?!
What was that just now?
What was today's breakfast?
What?! We can be in the show too?
What were they talking about just now?
What were you doing back there?
What were you even doing all the way up here?
What were you here for, Lily-senpai?
What? What do you want?!
What, what? You figure it out, Yume-chan?
What? Where's Rei-san?
What? Why me?
What?! Why's that?
What will happen to the position of Spice Chord's muse that you are vacating?
What will happen with regards to the brand you are a muse for, Spice Chord?
What will I do for Fall Fest?
What will we do for college?
What will you do with it all?
What will you show me next?
What won't you accept?
What would be strange?
What would that be like?
What would you do, Yozora?
What would you understand about a young lady's heart?!
What Yachigusa-sensei is trying to say is that your acting completely missed her expectations.
What you do with those abilities...
What you lack might well be a sense of belief in yourself.
What you lack might well be belief in yourself.
What? You made those yourself too?
What? You mean Perfect Elza?
What you need to do is forge forward for you yourself.
What you need to do is move forward for you yourself.
What?! You never told me!
What? You really think so?
"What? You're making me feel lonely already." Forgive me, but I must seal my passion for you away.
What you said to me back then gave me strength, and Hime-senpai guided me too.
What you've forgotten.
What?! You want Hime-chan's next album now?
What?! You want Hime-chan's next album too?
- What? You would like to offer me the opportunity to participate in the event as well?
What? You would offer me a place in the event?
What—Yume?!
What? Yume-chan's not back yet?
When all nine Star Premium Rare Coords have been assembled, the Sun Dress will come forth.
When all nine Star Premium Rare Coords have gathered, the Sun Dress is certain to emerge.
When all nine Star Wings have gathered, the Sun Dress will come forth.
When all of the spices combine, a wonderful scent is born!
When a page is flipped, another new story should begin.
When are they going to start their lesson?
When are you going to get here, Hanazono Kirara?!
When both grace the stage at once, star wings will be granted.
When did I get here?!
- When did she slip out? - Gonna - Grab some - ice cream!
When did you get here?
When did you get this all together?
When did you hear from her?!
When did you make these?
When did you put those on?
Whenever I had a really important performance, I would be so amazing it was like I was a different person.
- Whenever I lose and whenever I cry, I feel myself growing stronger.
Whenever I'm tired or feeling down, I always have ice cream.
Whenever I'm tired or feeling down, I eat ice cream.
Whenever I see someone from behind, I get the urge to pass them.
Whenever I see someone in front of me, I get the urge to pass them.
Whenever it comes time to create a new dress, I always imagine your smiles.
Whenever it comes time to create a new dress, I always picture your smiles.
Whenever I took the stage, a strange power would give me a boost.
Whenever it rains, I begin to feel under the weather.
When faced directly with a treasure, people usually do not realize its identity.
When I begin to feel like that, I imagine and repeat to myself.
When I begin to feel that way, I imagine a world and tell myself: I am in a frozen landscape.
When I chose this job, I resolved myself to do anything it took.
When I did that full-day coverage of Hime-senpai...
When I first began, I held many doubts about my ability to be an idol.
When I first joined Venus Ark, I devoted myself solely to supporting you.
When I first received the offer, I considered declining as I thought I would be incapable.
When I gave her the first design assignment, she came back with 380 ideas in a single night.
When I gave her the first design assignment, she came back with 380 ideas in one night.
When I get even slightly serious, that much is to be expected.
When I heard that Shiratori-san had that power, I went straight to Hikaru.
When I heard that we should make our hearts as one, I was inspired to make dresses that could make our individualities shine together.
When I'm with Lilienne, I'm unstoppable!
When I received the offer, I at first considered declining as I thought I would be incapable.
When I saw it, I felt as though I would never be able to reach Elza-san again.
When is our lead, Elza-san, going to wake up?
When it comes to acting, the Theater Class girls have an advantage.
When it comes to parties, Four Star Academy is really extravagant.
When I tell her that I want to help design a dress for her brand, Berry Parfait...
When it was just Onee-chan and me we colored together...
When I was a child, I was terribly shy and couldn't make a single friend.
When I was a child, I was terribly shy and couldn't make even a single friend.
When I was little, Hime-chan taught me how to play it.
When I went to speak to her...
When one dream comes true, you just need to find an even more fun dream to chase next.
When one person wins, another loses.
When our three melodies blend into one When our three melodies blend into one When our three melodies blend into one Hurry the costume change.
- When putting a performance together, I have to consider the purpose a dress serves, - In addition to creating a cohesive stage, you also have to consider the purpose of your dress.
When putting a performance together, I have to consider the purpose my dress serves, but for you, I think it is most important simply to enjoy fashion to its fullest.
When September comes we'll be sent far apart kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete Wearing different uniforms Wearing different uniforms chigau seifuku wo kiteru no chigau seifuku wo kiteru no Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite
When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete kugatsu ni nareba tooku hanarete
When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes we'll be sent far apart When September comes
When shared, joy is doubled and sorrow halved.
When's our focus, Elza-san, going to wake up?
When that happens?
When that happens...
When that happens, you sing even better than Laura!
When Theater Class concludes their song, we'll do the final choreography check.
When the four classes come together, it will be the birth of an epic battle.
When the outro ends autoro ga owaru to autoro ga owaru to The intro begins to play intoro ga nagaretekuru intoro ga nagaretekuru On to the next song tsugi no kyoku e tsugi no kyoku e Are you prepared? Take a deep breath junbi wa ii? shinkokyuu junbi wa ii? shinkokyuu
When the outro ends autoro ga owaru to The intro begins to play intoro ga nagaretekuru On to the next song tsugi no kyoku e Are you prepared? Take a deep breath junbi wa ii? shinkokyuu Your fingers are still trembling a bit chotto dake yubi ga furueteru You stand alone on the stage to progress
When the rhythms combine...
When the rhythms combine, a melody is born!
When the time comes, I plan to advance without hesitation.
When this airs overseas, there's sure to be a positive reaction.
When we look and smile at each other egao to egao ga kasanareba When we look and smile at each other egao to egao ga kasanareba yume wa fukuramu hazumu rizumu yume wa fukuramu hazumu rizumu Our dreams expand and beat to the rhythm Our dreams expand and beat to the rhythm
When we're on that side of the cameras, all of us are equal as idols.
- When we're up there, - When we're on that side, I can't say that I understand what you're trying to imply.
When we see a brilliant star, we work together to shine even brighter.
When we work together, we come up with really good designs.
When will we meet again?
- When you are off the stage, think that you are at your worst.
When you are off the stage, think that you are the worst.
When you darken all our surroundings, even the smallest stars are visible!
When you had your class sorting audition.
- When you have no friends, no one gives candy when your stomach rumbles!
When you have no friends, no one gives you candy when your stomach rumbles!
When you're suffering or sad, lost or lacking self-confidence, if seeing my dresses can bring a smile to your face, I can think of nothing that makes me happier.
When your Premium Rare Dress is approved by the Aikatsu System, it's bequeathed with Star Wings!
When you said you were in love, did you mean with Aikatsu?
When you say first-years...
When you stop searching, it's right in front of you...
When you take the stage, walk boldly and step half a shoe-length longer.
When you use this, imagine that the scent is me standing by your side.
When you weren't in your room, I figured I could find you here.
When Yuzu sleeps, she always makes room for her favorite stuffed cat.
Where?
Where...
Where are my glasses...
Where are Rei and the others?
Where are the other members?
Where are we going?
Where are we stopping next?
- Where are you applying for the class sorting audition?
Where are you going?
Where are you going to find reindeer?
Where are you right now?
Where could Hime-oneechan have gone off to?
Where could she be?
Where could she be hiding?
Where did Laura go?
Where did she wander off to?
Where did they all come from?
Where did you come from?
Where did you go?
Where did you go? I was worried.
Where does that place Saotome Ako?
Where does your confidence come from?
Where do they place second-year Ashida Yuri?
Where do you derive your strength from?
Where do you think it is, Laura?
Where'd that come from?
Where'd this come from?
Wherefore art thou Romeo?
Where have you been?
Where have you gone?
Where I find no hole, I will make one!
Where is it?
Where is my Subaru-kyun?!
Where is she, and what is she doing?
Where is she trying to go?
Where is the courage to aim higher?
Where is the Demon Lord?
Where is the path I should be taking?
Where is trying to go?
Where is your mother?
Where now?
Where one goes, the other must follow.
Where Sakuraba can't make it back in time.
Where's Elza-sama?
Where should we look first?
Where should we start?
Where's Koharu-chan...
Where's the real treasure?!
Where's the treasure?
Where's this coming from?
Where's your home? Did you get lost?
Where's Yume? Where is she?
Where to?
Where've you been?
Where were you? Very soon...
Where will you be heading?
Whether it be for her philanthropy or to attend a conference.
Whether it does or does not, how are you faring in the Aikatsu Ranking?
Whether it does or does not, how goes your place in the Aikatsu Ranking?
Whether you accept or deny your fate is up to you.
Whether you are able to become radiant idols as they are depends entirely upon your efforts that begin today.
Whether you can depends on the effort you put in.
Whether you'll be able to or not depends on the effort you put in.
Which are you aiming for in the class sorting audition?
Which are you going for Koharu-chan?
Which are you going for, Koharu-chan?
Which could it be?
Which do you like?
Which do you want?
Which idols will be chosen to take the center position during the championship game?
Which idols will be chosen to take the center position during the finals?
Which is why I wanted to gather things that I like.
Which is why I wanted to gather things that I liked.
Which makes you our enemy's supreme commander!
Which obviously means...
Which of them will claim the first spot of the Aikatsu Ranking and stand atop the peak of idolhood?!
Which of the sisters will emerge victorious? Only time will tell.
Which one?
Which shop have we been assigned to support?
Which show?
Which team will take home the title of campaign unit?
Which two teams will take the spots?
Which unit will be able to eat their soft serve most cleanly, helping-hand style?
Which unit will be able to eat their soft serve most cleanly with their helping hands?
Which unit will rise to the top?
Which unit will show us the most passionate bond of all?
While every entrant was wonderful, Elza-san blew away the audience by manifesting the legendary Sun Dress!
While everyone else said I was a top model, only you could call me the worst.
While houses and cats dance in midair An idol is like the light of a star shining in darkness.
While I admit that I share some of those feelings, it is not the most important reason for me.
While I liked being able to spend Christmas with my family, in truth, I would've preferred to be with my friends.
While I understand your point...
While I was out on a morning stroll, the early birds invited me to sing with them.
While many competitors have dropped out due to the cold, Four Star Academy's Nikaidou Yuzu is storming ahead with a commanding lead!
While we're at it, why not make it a full-fledged fashion accessory?
whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up akiramenai sono kotoba ga michi ni naru
whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up It will guide you with a whisper to not ever give up
White lipstick!
Wh—it's a ship!
Wh—It's the S4 dorm!
Whoa!
Whoa...
Who again?
Whoa! I'm lucky I caught you together...
Whoa, is she for real?
Whoa, it gives tons of points!
Whoa! It's a collaboration between Dance and Song Classes!
Whoa, it's a tie!
Whoa, it's more like a castle.
Whoa, it's more like a mansion.
- Whoa, look at Yume on the Ranking!
- Whoa, look at Yume's Ranking!
Who am I singing for?
Who amongst all the participants will rise as the best idol?
Who are the guests this time?
Who are those girls with Ichigo?
Who are you?
Who are you?!
Whoa! She's completely cleared the Teachers' hindrance!
Who asked you to help me?! Hmph!
Whoa! The Four Star Academy duo has just hopped their way to third and fourth!
Whoa, the heat's already spread out here.
Whoa, the hype's big out here too.
Whoa! The racers have finally come into sight of the goal!
Whoa there.
Whoa, they're so cute.
Whoa! Votes for the Boney Boney Brothers are through the roof!
Whoa, what is all this?
Whoa! When'd you get here, Koharu?
Whoa, who's that girl with the cat ears?
Who can ever tell?
Who cares about my score? I've never felt this good singing before my entire life!
Who cares about my score? I've never felt this good singing in my entire life!
Who cares about that?
Who cares? Live in the moment.
Who could possibly be a better math tutor for you?
Who could've expected a treasure hunt to be part of her Premium Rare Dress premiere?
- Who could've expected to be met with so many people?
Who'd have thought to include a treasure hunt in a Premium Rare Dress premiere?
Who'd have thought you'd initiate this, Tsubasa?
Who'd like to go next?
Who do you believe Lady Luck will smile down upon?
Who do you believe the goddess of victory will smile down upon?
Who do you think'll be the first to make it back to the goal?
Who do you think'll win?
Who else could possibly be better as your math tutor?
Who even thinks of rival chocolate?
Whoever earns the most points will be crowned the top of their class, and earn a spot in S4.
Whoever earns the most points will be crowned top of their class and earn a spot in S4.
Whoever gets the most candy wins!
- Whoever lit up the stage the most will be crowned the victor.
Whoever lit up the stage the most will rise as the victor.
Whoever loses will be hurt.
Whoever manages to reach land first on the boat they make will claim victory.
Whoever wins the viewers' vote becomes the show's next guest.
Whoever wins will have their performance broadcast worldwide.
- Whoever wins will have the right to alter the closing party as they like.
- Whoever wins will have the right to do to the closing party as they like.
Whoever wins will have the right to hold the closing party as they like.
Who is Forte-sama?
Who is it?!
Who is the fairest one of all?
Who of the numerous participants will emerge victorious?
Whoops.
Whoops...
Whoops, forgot to brew the tea.
Whoops, my bad!
Who picked this spot anyway?
Who're you?
Who said anything about giving up?
Who said that?
Whose cooking will win?
Whose food will take first?
Whose side are you girls on?
Whose words are those?
Who's going to to act in all of these scenes?
Who shall be our opponent?
Who should I give my chocolate to?
Who's it gonna be?
Who's Shooting Star?
Who's that?
Who's that girl?
Who's that person with Yuzu-senpai?
Who's the one who picked this place?
who's this?
Who's this girl?
Who wants to see them now?
Who were you again?
Who will be next?
Who will be our opponent?
Who will end up at the top of Song Class?
Who will grab the mic behind the finish line and earn her place on stage?
Who will grab the mic past the finish line and earn her place on stage?
Who will shine as the number one idol?!
Who will stand atop the Aikatsu Tournament?
Who will triumph in the Aikatsu Tournament?
Who words are those?
Wh-What?
Wh-What about you?! It's awful of you to break up like this!
Wh-What are you doing?
Wh-What are you looking at?
Wh-What are you talking about?
Wh-What are you thinking behind those shining eyes?
Wh-What does the "S" stand for?
Wh-What happened, Ako-chan?
Wh-What have I done...
Wh-What important job?
Wh-What is it?
Wh-What is it? Please tell me, Hime-senpai!
Wh-What is the problem with that?!
Wh-What is this?
Wh-What is with that dress?
Wh-What now?
Wh-What quality in such a short time!
Wh-What quality in such little time!
Wh-What should I do?
Wh-What's that?
Wh-What's the matter?
Wh-What's wrong?
Wh-What was that?
Wh-What was that for?
Wh-Where is this coming from?
Wh-Whoa, did I go overboard?
Wh-Whoa, it's so tall!
Wh-Who are you?!
Wh-Wh-What are you saying?! I'm not...
Wh-Why?
Wh-Why... are you chasing me?
Wh-Why are you here?
Wh-Why have you come?!
Wh-Why should I go as well?
Wh-Why would I go?
Why?
Why?!
Why...
Why again?!
Why am I doing so badly?
Why are all these questions about Elza Forte coming to our S4 show?!
Why aren't you eating now?!
Why aren't you reading them?
Why are they blindfolded?
Why are they turning out so bad?
- Why are we at a park? - Kirakira Park - Kirakira Park Our teacher told us to meet here.
Why are you all doing this?
Why are you all here?
Why are you even here?
Why are you going this far?
Why are you here?
Why are you here?!
Why are you running?
Why are you serving?
Why are you shouting like that?
Why are you thanking me? I haven't been able to mentor you well at all.
Why are you wearing a middle school uniform in an elementary school?
Why are you worried about Elza-san?
Why can't everyone just get along?
Why can't we find it?
Why couldn't Hotaru-senpai overcome it?
Why couldn't I win?
Why couldn't you wait just a moment more?
- Why did choose to make it an open-air stage in the park?
Why did I...
Why did I even join the Song Class...
Why did I start worrying all of a sudden?
Why didn't you ever tell us you were aboard this ship?
Why didn't you ever tell us you were on this ship?
Why didn't you make a Premium Rare Dress even though you got your own brand?
Why didn't you say anything to me?!
Why, did something happen with My Little Heart?
Why did the Sun Dress...
Why did you board Venus Ark?
Why did you change?
Why did you choose to make it an open-air stage in the park?
Why did you come as well?
Why did you jump on me?!
Why did you suddenly quit as a model?
Why did you suddenly stop being a model?
Why does Elza-san get special seating all to herself?
Why doesn't she ever come to me?
Why don't they all get it?
Why don't we attach cute illustrations on message cards to balloons to hand out?
Why don't we hand out cards with cute pictures and attach balloons to them?
Why don't we just get another projector?
Why don't you just stop thinking about it?
- Why don't you run with that concept and try building a design from the ground up?
Why don't you run with that concept and try designing a dress from the ground up?
Why don't you sing on stage for Koharu as the party's finale?
Why don't you take it off?
- Why don't you take that concept and try designing a dress from the start one more time?
Why... do you...
Why do you all Aikatsu?
Why do you all care so much?
Why... do you know my name?
Why do you say that?
Why do you think she was picked?
Why do you think they picked her?
Why'd you ask Yuzu-senpai?
Why'd you keep it a secret?
Why go so far?
Why have I been worrying all this time?
Why have I not recovered in the slightest?
Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite kokoro dake naze sakimawari shite
Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead Why have our hearts already gone ahead
Why have you changed?
Why is she at Four Star Academy?
Why is that?
Why... I tried so hard.
Why? Maybe because I'm serious.
Why me too...
Why more octopuses?!
Why more tomatoes?!
Why must I do that?
Why must you always be such a goody two-shoes?
Why not?
Why not? Do as many as you'd like.
Why not have a sincere talk with all of the Venus Ark girls about that?
Why not just eat one of each in order?
Why not just go along with her?
- Why not just say you love her?
Why not just start with one of each?
Why not take it off?
Why now?
Why's Elza-san the only one to get special seating?
Why's it so important again?
Why's it so important, again?
Why snow?
Why's that?
Why's that, Koharu-chan?
Why, those are impossible conditions!
Why was I even worrying at this point?
Why was it canceled?
Why wasn't Hotaru-senpai able to overcome it?
Why were you hitchhiking all the way out there?
Why were you spacing out?
Why... why are you crying?
Why... why would you go so far?
Why won't the Sun Dress come to me?
Why would cause me to have that dream now?
Why would Hime-senpai ask me that?
Why would I ever be worried?
Why wouldn't she be into it?
Why wouldn't we?
Why would that dream come to me now?
Why would the headmaster burden Yume with such a tribulation?
Why would the headmaster subject Yume to such an ordeal?
Why would they act like that for someone so cold?
Why would you do it?
Why you...
Why, you!
Why, you...
Will Ako-chan be able to find her S here?
Will be given the chance to form a unit with S4 and perform for the Summer Fest.
- Will be limited to the first two pairs to reach the goal.
Will be lined up this summer?
Will both our winners please step forward.
Will eventually awaken the dormant lion inside you.
will guide the way.
Will guide the way.
Will I be able to sing on my own from now on?
Will I be able to view Hime-senpai in that way one day?
Will I be able to view Hime-senpai like that one day?
Will it be the perfect idol, Elza Forte-san?
Will Koharu-chan's true face finally be revealed?
will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry dareka no mane nante taikutsu na dake sa
will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry Trying to copy someone else will leave you dull and dry
Will not help them to heal moto ni wa modoranai Will not help them to heal moto ni wa modoranai So sitting upon her palm kono te no hira ni So sitting upon her palm kono te no hira ni So sitting upon her palm kono te no hira ni
Will plunder you all!
Will plunder you dry!
will retire as an idol.
Will she be okay?
Will she be okay? I thought Laura was afraid of heights.
will spread our wings to the skies...
Will there be a performance worthy of my presence?
Will they be able to scale it?
Will this be interesting?
Will this be My Little Heart's new winter dress?
Will this be My Little Heart's winter release?
Will we be okay?
Will we make it?
Will you accept?
Will you accept it?
Will you accept me?
Will you accept the offer?
Will you be entering in this dress?
Will you be fine by yourself?
Will you consider keeping your position as admins?
Will you continue to Aikatsu together in the future?
Will you? Could I stop by on the way home for some pastries then?
Will you draw more coords with me together on the stage?
Will you encourage me, Yuzu?
Will you fill in with a replacement?
Will you give up, Elza?
Will you grant me this?
Will you help me as a second producer of the event?
Will you help me produce this event?
Will you make it?
Will you really?
Will you really return on your own?
Will you support me, Yuzu?
Will you? Then could I stop by on the way home for some pastries?
Will you truly have no regrets?
Will Yume-chan really be holding a solo live?
Wind Dance Class, Nikaidou Yuzu!
Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance Every student, including those in their
Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1 - Day 1 - Day 1 - Wind Dance - Wind Dance Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Day 1
- Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection -
Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Selection - Selection - Selection - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance
- Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance
- Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance - Wind Dance
Wings!
Wings, huh...
- Win it - Win it - Hime-senpai - Hime-senpai - Song Class!! - Song Class!! - Yume-chan - Win it - Win it - Hime-senpai - Hime-senpai - Song Class!! - Song Class!! - Yume-chan - Win it - Win it - Hime-senpai - Hime-senpai - Song Class!! - Song Class!! - Yume-chan
Win it Win it Yume-chan Song Class!!
Win it, Yume.
Winners, please step forward.
- Winner - Winner - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru Thank you!
- WIN - NER - WIN - NER What is this?
- WIN - NER - WIN - NER "Winner"?
Winning the quiz show is one thing, but to claim the area, you need the crowd's approval of your efforts.
- Win the - Aikatsu Ranking!
- Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win - Lose - Lose - Win - Win
Wish I could see Koharu-chan.
Wishing hard we're sure to get there tsuyoku negaeba kitto yukeru Into the distance, our goal within sight haruka tooku e mieru gooru e Reaching out together hand in hand mezashite te wa hanasanaide Together hand in hand te wa hanasanaide Mahiru-san shone bright enough not to be outdone by the others.
Wishing hard we're sure to get there tsuyoku negaeba kitto yukeru Into the distance, our goal within sight haruka tooku e mieru gooru e Reaching out together hand in hand mezashite te wa hanasanaide Together hand in hand te wa hanasanaide Yuzukoshou was awesome!
Wish upon a star.
With a body as soft and fluffy as cotton candy kotton kandi no fuwafuwa na karada I want to hold you tight gyutto dakishimeru no I want to hold you tight gyutto dakishimeru no Please Mary, Mary's little lamb onegai merii kohitsuji merii Please Mary, Mary's little lamb onegai merii kohitsuji merii
With a design imbued with her natural individuality, unbound by trends and context...
With a going my way!
With all my remaining time here.
With all of my remaining time here.
- With all of the excitement going on outside, the countdown timer has steadily gone down here.
- With all of the excitement going on outside, the countdown timer is steadily ticking.
With all of the excitement going on outside, the countdown timer is steadily ticking down.
With all of the skills you've gained through your Aikatsu, this should pose no obstacle.
With a performance by the winners, Elza and Kirara!
With a throbbing la la and a shining heart With a throbbing la la and a shining heart It's lovely magic It's lovely magic Let's spend the day celebrating to our hearts' content.
With a throbbing la la and a shining heart With a throbbing la la and a shining heart She's here!
With brush in hand, let us do it together.
With confidence, I know you can overcome it.
With cooking this bad...
with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength Let's share in this radiance with earnest strength
With everyone by my side, I can't be beat!
With everything we've been, and for everything we will be.
With fingers forged by the raging seas...
With her, I can definitely show you my best performance.
With its roots in samurai and Zen, it is a path that leads one to a deep understanding of the soul.
With it, you'll be able to make a unique dress that's all your own.
With Koharu-chan!
With my heart filled with gratitude for all that befell me, I will set forth to a new stage.
With my irreplaceable friends.
With my love for Elza-sama!
With neither of us holding anything back!
With neither of us holding anything back.
With Nikaidou becoming a world idol, the name of Four Star Academy will spread to the farthest reaches.
With Nikaidou becoming a worldwide idol, the name of Four Star Academy will spread to the farthest reaches.
With no other witnesses, I must simply eliminate you!
With no other witnesses, I simply have to eliminate you!
With only two minutes, I won't be able to sing my entire song.
With our grab-bag plan!
Without a deep knowledge of shows, you can't create such a wealth of ideas.
Without a doubt. We'll turn this into a great feature.
Without a doubt. We'll turn this into a great program.
Without any further ado, let's get chopping!
Without delay, S4! Trick or treat!
Without everyone, my story wouldn't be the same as it is today.
Without question, you're the first star!
Without those...
Without you two, I wouldn't get to shirk all my responsibilities!
With pleasure!
With Saotome Ako.
With sincerity...
With strawberry pink coloring as an accent, it's a coord only I could make.
With that on the table, what do you think of this new idea, Aria-chan?
With that said...
With that said, I hope you will be able to come and see my show.
With that said, it's time to start the Everyone Shine! Dream Idol Audition!
With that said, on the next It's Our Job To Shine, we'll be doing a special program!
With that said, osu!
With that tongue as sharp as ever, I take it you're fine.
With that, your wish will be realized.
With the Aikatsu Mobiles you gave us earlier.
With the Aikatsu Mobiles you left with us earlier.
With the honor of closing out the Final Stage, from Four Star Academy's one and only S4, it's Nijino Yume-san!
with the little birds sa machiawase kotori to kiichigo tsumi Rest in a swaying hammock knit with silver wind gin no kaze wo anda hanmokku hirari So sweet step Wearing white, oh so white cuffs of blinding light masshiro masshiro na hikari no suso wo Held together by butterflies running through a grove
With the S4 Selection coming up, I'm getting more psyched every day!
With these!
With the train stuck here, I can't imagine Lily-senpai's tour continuing.
With the train stuck here, I can't imagine Lily-senpai's tour happening.
With the triple tonkatsu fried shrimp with piles of cabbage curry ice!
With this!
With this dress, I know I'll make S4!
With this dress, I'm gonna exhilarate from stage for sure!
With this, I can leave unburdened.
With this, I can leave with a light heart.
With this, I have the confidence to make it through my show.
With this, Song Class has won the Summer Fest competition.
With this, the kanji will be drilled in through the movement of your body, leaving their marks on your mind!
With this, you'll be able to take off without any lingering regrets.
With those coke-bottle glasses, I get the feeling she couldn't care less about fashion.
With time, I will obtain her as well.
With what said?
With your help, everyone who eats our curry ice will surely show a hot smile...
- With you this Holy Night will be a Party Night - kimi to Holy Night sawagu Party Night - Make up, dress up, level up, and then I'll meet you!
With Yozora-senpai!
With Yume-chan!
With Yume on Venus Ark, Hime will fall right into my hands.
Wonderful.
Wonderful dreams come true Set!
Wonderful. I'm so happy for you, Laura.
Wonderful! The Yume-san and Kirara-san pair found the true treasure: S4, the 25th Generation!
Wonderful, Yume-chan!
Wonderful... Yume-chan is wonderful!
Won't we be friends forever?
Won't you come give them a word of advice?
Won't you join me and take on the world?
Won't you let me?
Won't you make a contract with the devil?
Won't you make that Elza Forte say "uncle" for us?
Won't you participate?
Woo!
Woohoo! You got the best reward of all!
Wool muslin from England.
Word chain!
- Word chain! - Dance!
Word says that you've started designing too. I'm looking forward to your creations.
Word's that you've started designing too.
Work comes first.
Work hard to put on a show they'll never forget.
Working backstage at various events to incorporate new ideas and insights into our own performances.
Work is more important.
Work It's time for me to leave for work.
Worry not, as we'll be streaming S4's concert live.
Worry not, because we'll be streaming S4's concert live.
Worry not! You have it in you!
Worry not, you'll surely awaken!
Worst-case scenario?
Worthless...
wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito Please listen to the music I'll play you in response anata ni todoketai ongaku wo kanadeyou
Would anybody care for a yummy donut?
Would anyone like hot coffee, or perhaps a cold beverage?
Would be best.
Would I?
Would I honestly be of help to Yuzu were I to take the stage with her?
Would it be possible to cancel it?
Would it kill you to plan in advance next time?
Would I truly be of help to Yuzu were I to take the stage with her?
Wouldn't adding sweetness in throw off that image?
Wouldn't it be cute if we added glasses?
Wouldn't you agree, Mahiru?
Wouldn't you agree that the individuality that breaks the mold is rightfully called true individuality?
Wouldn't you like to see miss attendant perform next time, Kame-san?
Wouldn't you like to wear it yourself?
Would the next entrant please come up?
Would the next entrant please step up?
Would this be good? No, maybe this one.
Would you beat Elza during the Final Stage and put a stop to this?
Would you beat Elza during the Final Stage and stop her plans?
Would you consider forming a band with me?
- Would you forgive her? She's something like the guardian of this ship.
Would you forgive her? She's something like this ship's guardian spirit.
- Would you forgive her? She's sort of this ship's guardian spirit.
Would you give me some more time?
Would you lend a hand?
Would you let me handle creating all of our stage dresses?
Would you like a hand?
Would you like a slice?
Would you like a ticket?
Would you like more tea?
Would you like to come with me back to the academy?
Would you like to cover me too?
Would you like to go back to the academy with me?
Would you like to join me for a round?
Would you mind lending me a hand?
Would you mind looking at this?
Would you mind shoving off?
Would you tell me why you're so focused on Star Premium Rare Coords?
Would you use Hime Rouge as well?
Wow!
Wow.
Wow...
Wow, a CD debut?
Wow! A CD debut?
Wow, amazing!
Wow, and what's it like there?
Wow, for us?
Wow, how lucky.
Wow, I can't believe even Yozora-senpai recognized her.
Wow, I can't wait!
Wow, I can't wait to see!
Wow, I feel like a real designer!
Wow! I'm really looking forward to it!
Wow, isn't this scrumptious?
Wow, it feels like I'm a real designer!
Wow, it has all of S4's autographs!
Wow! It's a thousand cranes!
Wow, it's been a while.
Wow, it's just like new!
Wow, it's so cute! Okay, now it's my turn!
Wow, it's so cute! That's called Spice Chord!
Wow, I wonder where they got a treasure box that enormous.
Wow, Laura...
Wow, look at the time.
Wow, look at Yume-chan's rank!
Wow, Mahiru-chan. You've got great taste.
Wow, none of you in S4 are out of breath at all.
Wow, now that gets me going.
Wow, really? Of course you can!
Wow, she blew past them in points.
Wow, she even got Yozora-senpai's seal of approval!
Wow, she really was adorable!
Wow, she sounds cool!
Wow, she's sold out.
Wow, so Elza-san's mother was an idol too.
Wow, sold out.
Wow, sounds exciting.
Wow! Star Wings!
Wow, that does sound cute.
Wow, that gets me going!
Wow, that's amazing.
Wow, that's an adorable little squirrel.
Wow, that's an impressive gap.
Wow, that's awesome.
Wow, that's great!
Wow, that's great for you, Lilienne!
Wow, that's impressive.
Wow, that's pretty far.
Wow, that's so cool!
Wow, that's so cute!
Wow, that's such an adorable little squirrel.
Wow, that was fun!
Wow, their cake looks like a French doll!
Wow, the world's brightest!
Wow, they look scrumptious!
Wow, they're all so beautiful.
Wow, they're all synchronized.
Wow, they're perfectly synchronized.
Wow, they've progressed so much since yesterday.
Wow! This is awesome, Ako-chan!
Wow, this is great!
Wow, this looks great.
- Wow, this looks like fun! - Let's Envelop Everyone in the Aikastu Ring!!
Wow. What's it like there?
Wow! Wonderful!
Wow, wow!
Wow, you can tell fortunes?
Wow, you know how to rap?
Wow, you think so?
Wrapped up inside the roll is a mix of Koukadou's specialties, candied chestnuts and sweet red bean paste.
Wrist! Body! Head!
Write one!
Writing Assignment "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" "My Dream" You're not going to write it?
Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Join S4!!
Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" What's wrong?
Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream" Writing Assignment "My Dream"
Writing lyrics is hard...
Writing messages for the academy's pamphlet.
Writing the schedule for next year's events, designing your S4 commercial, making arrangements for festivals and your nationwide tour.
Written as "rival", read as "friend".
Wrong! From the beginning.
Wrong! Start over.
Wrong! Wrong! Wrong!
W-Wait!
W-Wait...
W-Wait, are you sure about this?
W-Wait, I still don't get...
W-We are simply taking a quick rest.
W-We did it!
W-Well I...
W-Well, perhaps what he wears to sleep...
W-Well, perhaps what kind of pajamas he wears to sleep...
W-Well then, we'll be relying on you for the commercial.
W-We're...
W-Whoa...
W-Wow...
Yachigusa Momoko Yes, hello?
Yah-hoi!
Yah-ho! It's finally time for the annual Koukadou audition!
Yah-ho! It's Kirara and Caroline!
Yah-ho! Nikaidou Yuzu here!
Yahoo!
Yahoo! I'm back again!
Yakisoba!
Yama guchi In this big project, someone will get her own personal brand!
Yamaguchi-san!
Yamaguchi-san?
Yamaguchi-san, Yume-chan, I'll be in your care.
yasashii sofaa to kotoba ni enerugii moratta Your kind words and sofa rejuvenated me yasashii sofaa to kotoba ni enerugii moratta Your kind words and sofa rejuvenated me yasashii sofaa to kotoba ni enerugii moratta Right now, I don't want to be caught up staying in one place ima wa hitotsu no basho ni
Yay!
Yay, da zo!
Yay, he gave us the okay!
Yay, I did it!
Yay! I did it!
Yay! I love those!
Yay, I'm happy!
Yay, I passed!
Yay! Kirara gets to do an audition with Elza-sama! That's super duper happy!
Yay! Let's show everyone our hot and passionate bond!
Yay! Now we can work together to make FuwaFuwa Dream better!
Yay! Thanks, Ako-chan!
Yay! Thank you!
Yay! That really gets me going!
Yay! We beat S4!
Yay, we did it!
Yay! You're amazing, Lilienne!
- Yeah!
Yeah!
Yeah?
Yeah.
Yeah...
Yeah, about ten minutes.
Yeah, according to Ako-chan.
Yeah, after this I'm heading to a radio station with Yuri-senpai to advertise the event.
Yeah! And besides my dream of being the first-star, I made another precious dream.
- Yeah! And besides my dream to be the first-star, I made another very precious dream.
Yeah, and even being modest...
Yeah, and even if we're being humble...
Yeah, and I don't see any drinks here.
Yeah, and I'm starting to get nervous.
Yeah, and it was a fantastic performance.
Yeah! And next year I'm gonna work even harder at my Aikatsu!
- Yeah, and now it's your turn to find it.
Yeah, and super tired...
Yeah, and that's despite her being off the radar for the last few years.
Yeah, and there was no guarantee it wouldn't be canceled.
Yeah, and this is the second time we're being separated.
Yeah, and this is the second time we've been separated.
Yeah, and to Tamagorou-sensei too.
Yeah. And two heads can come up with way more ideas too.
Yeah, and we got it after our unit performance.
Yeah. And we'll be starting our third year come spring.
Yeah! Are you ready?
Yeah, be honest with us!
Yeah. But if I can't even make it this far, the contest isn't looking good.
Yeah. But if I can't even walk this distance now, then the contest isn't looking good.
Yeah, but I had a lot of fun meeting my fans.
Yeah, but I had a lot of fun meeting my fans face to face.
Yeah, but I'm an S4 fan through and through.
Yeah, but maybe we shouldn't have been.
Yeah. But no matter how much I think it over, I can't find the answer.
Yeah, but nothing's really clicking.
Yeah, but now I understand why everyone likes Tsubasa-senpai.
Yeah, but only whoever passes the audition.
Yeah, but really only a bit.
Yeah, but still...
Yeah, but that might have been a mistake.
Yeah, but you have to pass an audition first.
Yeah, but you know, I think that's the wrong way to go about it.
Yeah, Elza-san's performance was stunning.
Yeah, especially when you came out on that dolphin.
Yeah... even if I can't see them, Unfortunately, the forecast said that there's going to be a short but strong downpour over the island.
Yeah... even if we can't see them, they're shining somewhere out there.
Yeah, even I was entranced.
Yeah, even though she had a pretty good performance the last time.
Yeah, exactly.
Yeah! For example, Kirara-chan is from New Zealand, so she's fluent in English.
Yeah, for quite a while now.
Yeah, her dress fully embodied her brand's image.
Yeah. Her dress was amazing too, but her idol power was ridiculously high!
Yeah, here we go!
Yeah, her father is the CEO of an apparel company.
Yeah. He's a famous music producer from England.
Yeah. He's starred in a countless number of films, - but he's best known for being in "Burn at the Sun".
Yeah. He's starred in countless films, but he's best known for his role in "Burn at the Sun".
Yeah. Hoshimiya-senpai gave me these precious words.
- Yeah. Hoshimiya-senpai told me these precious words.
Yeah. How'd your self-produced Christmas concert go?
Yeah, I agree.
Yeah, I can feel their passion.
Yeah! I can't wait!
Yeah, I could feel her passion resonate inside me.
Yeah! I definitely want Star Wings of my own too.
Yeah, I'd have to agree.
Yeah, I'd have to say.
Yeah, I'd love to go!
Yeah, I feel like she's the perfect teacher for someone who's bad at English like me.
Yeah, I felt the same after watching you all today.
Yeah, I get you!
Yeah, I got a few samples at our meeting.
Yeah, I got it.
Yeah, I guess you're right.
Yeah. I have no idea how to deal with her.
Yeah, I have someone I admire just as much.
Yeah. I heard that she made it all the way to the finals in last year's S4 Selection, but she had to drop out because of health issues.
Yeah, I just can't calm down unless I'm doing something.
Yeah! I just love unpredictable girls like her!
Yeah... I knew.
Yeah, I know.
"Yeah, I know. But you still made S4, didn't you?" Yes, naturally!
Yeah... I know I'm leaving soon, but it feels like I'm missing something.
Yeah! I know it'll happen.
Yeah, I know that I've just gotta do it.
Yeah, I know they'll be able to give Elza-san a fright!
Yeah, I'll be rooting for you!
Yeah, I'll do my best!
Yeah! I'll do my best!
Yeah, I'll do that.
Yeah, I'll give it my best shot!
Yeah, I'll have to draw from all of it.
Yeah, I love it!
Yeah, I love that band.
Yeah, I love their band.
Yeah! I love unpredictable girls like her!
Yeah, I'm definitely gonna get that Sun Dress and become the first-star idol!
Yeah! I'm doing fine thanks to my training on Venus Ark.
Yeah... I mean, no. I was referring to the Aikatsu Ranking.
Yeah... I mean, no. I was saying that the Aikatsu Ranking was bad.
Yeah, I'm excited for the movie.
Yeah, I'm feeling it!
Yeah, I'm fine.
Yeah! I'm go happy we get to sing together for the drama!
Yeah! I'm gonna go vote for her!
Yeah, I'm in too!
Yeah, I'm just fine.
Yeah, I'm kinda stuck.
Yeah, I'm pretty sure.
Yeah, I'm so excited!
Yeah. I'm sorry, Yume.
Yeah. I'm starting to get nervous.
Yeah, I'm sure of it.
Yeah, I'm thinking of entering.
Yeah, I need to get it done.
Yeah, I remember her well.
Yeah, I still don't have a Premium Rare Dress.
Yeah. I think she's training on her own for the show.
Yeah... I think she's training on her own in preparation.
Yeah. It just goes to show how precious each encounter is.
Yeah. It just goes to show how precious each meeting is.
Yeah, it'll be the day before the fashion show.
Yeah, it looked like everyone was smiling.
Yeah, it's from Yume-chan. Look.
Yeah, it's going my way!
Yeah, it's great!
Yeah, it's in these books too.
Yeah, it's just right.
Yeah, it's like I'm stuck.
Yeah, it's massive.
Yeah. It's not as if we'll never face each other again.
Yeah, it's perfect!
Yeah, it's pretty easy going up until that point.
Yeah, it's really dangerous.
Yeah, it's September 8.
Yeah, it's September 8th.
Yeah, it's some sort of mysterious light.
- Yeah. It's something very precious that Hoshimiya-senpai once told me.
Yeah, it's super cute!
Yeah, it's that one!
Yeah, it's the best!
Yeah, it's wonderful!
Yeah, it's Yume-chan. Look.
Yeah, it was a light only those sisters could produce.
Yeah, it was a runaway victory.
Yeah, it was great that everyone watching had fun too!
Yeah, it was her overwhelming victory.
Yeah, it was like the Sun Dress was saying that nobody could ever match it.
Yeah. It was Perfect Elza's one and only mistake.
Yeah, it was very motivational.
Yeah, it worked perfectly!
Yeah, I understand you.
Yeah, I've decided.
Yeah, I've done everything I could.
Yeah, I've got a magazine interview.
Yeah, I wanna know too!
Yeah. I want to bake a cake for mommy.
Yeah. I want to bake a cake for Mommy.
Yeah! I want to keep on sending out my Aikatsu!
Yeah, I want to see that happen too.
Yeah! I want to shine even brighter!
Yeah, I was amazed.
Yeah, I was really disappointed.
Yeah, I was thinking the same!
Yeah, I was trying to come up with a Premium Rare Dress, but it's not turning out right.
Yeah, I was trying to think up a Premium Rare Dress, but it's not coming out right.
Yeah. I wish I could hold a handshake event and a mini-live too, but that might be stretching it.
Yeah, I wish we could've done at least one special issue on them.
Yeah! Just a bit.
Yeah, just a little.
Yeah, keep it up!
Yeah, Koharu's giving me advice along the way. I'm making progress every day.
Yeah, Laura and I have got a job together again after a long break.
Yeah, Laura and I have got a job together again for the first time in a while.
Yeah, let's all do our best.
Yeah, let's all go together!
Yeah, let's do it! I can't contain my excitement!
Yeah, let's do our best!
Yeah! Let's do our best, Ako-chan!
Yeah, let's not.
Yeah, let's see it!
Yeah, let's see it through!
Yeah! Let's win for sure!
Yeah, like a super whole lot of fun!
Yeah, like that!
Yeah! Make sure you live a life of passion too, oh!
Yeah, me too!
Yeah, me too.
Yeah! Mom, send Yume-chan my thoughts!
Yeah, must be!
Yeah, my heart skipped a beat when her wings appeared.
Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own Yeah, my heart starts to run off all on its own
Yeah, my parents are coming to pick me up in the evening.
Yeah, my parents are coming to pick me up tonight.
Yeah, neither did I.
Yeah, neither will I!
Yeah, next is a magazine interview.
Yeah, no matter what.
Yeah! Now we're all set!
Yeah, Onee-chan knows how to bring it home when it really counts.
Yeah. Onee-chan's dress and her surprise after the show were splendid.
Yeah, otherwise we would belittle the earnest efforts of our hardworking juniors.
Yeah, otherwise we would belittle the earnest efforts of our hardworking protégés.
Yeah. Our event should be able to start right on schedule.
Yeah. Please look after her.
Yeah. Please look after her in my stead.
Yeah! Plus, it's Lily-senpai's dream.
Yeah, probably.
Yeah, really!
Yeah! Seeing shows of all kinds is an important part of Aikatsu.
Yeah, she'd be the best.
Yeah, she'd never lose to the other classes.
Yeah, she is!
Yeah, she said her dad should be getting back soon.
Yeah, she's going to fight one of the girls from Four Star.
Yeah, she's really wonderful!
Yeah, she's right.
Yeah, she's wonderful!
Yeah, she wants to win against herself.
Yeah, she was blinding.
Yeah, she was blindingly bright.
Yeah. She was so lustrous...
Yeah, since Kirara-chan's here and all.
Yeah, so?
Yeah. So...
Yeah! Some of my fans said they could make it.
Yeah, sorry to call you here so late.
Yeah. Star Wings!
Yeah! Star wings are the sign of a new Aikatsu!
Yeah! Star Wings have brought with them new Aikatsu!
Yeah, take good care of them.
Yeah, thanks!
Yeah, thanks.
Yeah! Thanks!
Yeah. Thanks.
Yeah! Thank you!
Yeah, that!
Yeah, that gets me going!
Yeah. That makes it all the more important to choose carefully which ones will help us up the Aikatsu Ranking.
Yeah, that might work.
Yeah, that's a great smile.
Yeah, that's exactly right.
Yeah, that's good!
Yeah, that! Sometimes she has these unbelievable performances, right?
Yeah. That's our princess!
Yeah, that's perfect!
Yeah, that's right.
Yeah... that's right.
Yeah, that's the one!
Yeah! That's the way to be, Yume.
Yeah, that's why.
Yeah. That's why I'm sorry, Yume.
Yeah, that was your defining performance.
Yeah, the anticipation is killing me.
Yeah! The blue roses are distinctive, and so cool and cute!
Yeah. The cake design of the Creamy Cake Coord is really cute.
Yeah, the chain hanging off her dress felt like a Spice Chord specialty.
Yeah, the chain hanging off her dress was a real Spice Chord specialty.
Yeah. The clouds are getting darker, and even the frogs are crying out.
Yeah, the colors were so vibrant, it was like you were a flower blooming on stage.
Yeah. The design of the Creamy Cake Coord is really cute.
Yeah, the doctor said I could go back tomorrow.
- Yeah! The eyes of people who are doing their best shine just like stars.
Yeah. The halftime show is twenty whole minutes long, but it feels like they're not wasting a single second.
Yeah! The headmaster wants to see you two!
Yeah. The love and support from our fans played a huge part in our growth this year.
Yeah. The love and support of our fans has played a huge part in how much we've changed this year.
Yeah. The main stage could be a unit performance with you and me...
Yeah. The main stage could be a unit song with you and me...
Yeah. The more serious you are, the more frustrating it is.
- Yeah. The more serious you are, the more it vexes you.
- Yeah. The more serious you are, the more you get frustrated.
Yeah. The most important things should be felt with the heart, not in the head.
Yeah! The myriad of sweets on her stage and dress were just fantastic.
Yeah. There are things more important than some Grade-up Glitter.
Yeah, there's some kind of mysterious light.
Yeah, there's that too, but it's starting to sink in that I actually got a Star Premium Rare Coord.
Yeah. The schedule was already full, but we managed to slip into a gap we found.
Yeah. The schedule was full, but we got them to squeeze us in somehow.
Yeah, the tests are coming up.
Yeah, the two of us together!
Yeah. They're all my dear Aikatsu buddies.
Yeah. They're all my irreplaceable Aikatsu buddies.
Yeah, they're at a different level.
Yeah, they're held regularly at Venus Ark.
Yeah, they're in these books too.
Yeah! They say that your dream will come true if you can find them all.
Yeah, they should be able to keep up with Yuzu-senpai's dancing!
Yeah, they were exclusively made to fit the content of the story.
Yeah, this assignment seems like it might go on for a while.
Yeah, this is great!
Yeah, this is great.
Yeah, this is my once-in-a-lifetime first live.
Yeah. This is our battle, Yume.
Yeah, this is the best!
Yeah, this one's good.
Yeah! This style suits my dancing much better.
Yeah, this suits her perfectly!
Yeah, this uniform isn't half bad!
Yeah. Tomorrow's race is in the bag.
Yeah, totally!
Yeah, we can't even compare.
Yeah, we can't let it go to waste.
Yeah, we can vouch for how much effort you've put in.
Yeah, we'll be scattered all around next year. How to put it...
Yeah, we'll do it!
Yeah. We'll have to choose our events carefully to navigate our way up the Aikatsu Ranking.
Yeah, we'll make it something special!
Yeah. We must have really worried them.
Yeah, we of Soleil will be the victors!
Yeah, we're having them self-produce and do the stage decorations, seating arrangements, and everything else.
Yeah, we're the same as this tree.
Yeah, we will.
Yeah, what should we get?
Yeah. When Elza-sama scouted me, I had a lot of doubts about it.
Yeah. When Elza-sama scouted me, I had a lot of doubts at first.
- Yeah! When someone devotes themselves to something, their eyes sparkle, just like stars.
Yeah! When someone devotes themselves to something, their eyes sparkle just like stars.
Yeah. With my current ranking, the only chance I've got to get into the Final Tournament is winning this Fes.
Yeah. With my current rank, my only chance at the Final Tournament is winning this.
Yeah, yeah!
Yeah, yeah. Thank you.
Yeah, yeah! That too is Aikatsu!
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but still.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, but that's not the point.
Yeah, you gave me goosebumps!
Yeah, you haven't changed a bit.
Yeah, you're right!
Yeah, you're right.
Yeah, you're right about that.
Yeah, you're seriously cute!
Yeah, you're working it.
Yeah, your performance was incredible.
Yeah. You too?
Yeah. Yuzu-senpai is being celebrated, and both Mahiru-chan and Ako-chan are busy.
Yeah, Yuzu-senpai too!
- Yellow I believe the dress's primary color should be yellow.
- Yellow - What main color?
- Yellow Yellow What main color?
Yep!
Yep.
Yep! Ako-chan, you were amazing out there.
Yep, all of it.
Yep. And each year the seventh lucky is swapped out.
Yep, and that means we have to step up our game even more!
Yep. And the seventh lucky changes every year.
Yep! And today's your turn!
Yep! But it looks like she's pushing herself.
Yep! Doesn't it look comfortable?
Yep! Fabulous, isn't it?
Yep! I'd like to record at least four songs for it.
Yep! I even made an amazing friend in Ako-chan!
Yep! If that's what everyone's asking, I want to answer them.
Yep! If that's what everyone wants to hear about, I want to answer them.
Yep. I'm going to be a guest on a morning program.
Yep! I'm gonna be having a solo live at the plateau hotel right nearby.
Yep! I'm just glad it went over well.
Yep! I'm self-producing!
Yep. I'm thinking about the sauces now.
Yep. I'm thinking up what sauces to use right now.
Yep, inside and out!
Yep, it's a record shop.
Yep, it's because you told me about how your mom has a favorite flower patterned one piece.
Yep, it's because you told me about your mom's flower-patterned one-piece.
Yep, it's my new song, although I'm not finished yet.
Yep, it's my new song. I'm not finished yet, though.
Yep, it's perfect!
Yep! It's really like you!
Yep, it's something special!
Yep, it's written all over your face.
Yep. I was invited as a guest to a morning program.
Yep, just with us!
Yep! Let's work together to make sure both go smoothly!
Yep! Lilienne's been doing special training every day to make her Premium Rare Dress!
Yep, loud and clear!
Yep, my role is to support her as she makes her way up.
Yep, since I made it!
Yep, that just means we have to step up our game!
Yep, there's a challenge on the horizon.
Yep! They're perfect for the flowery song we're singing today!
Yep! They're perfectly designed to fit our song that's blooming with flowers!
Yep! They're the dolls you all made me from when I went to Italy.
Yep! They're the dolls you all made me when I went to Italy.
Yep! Those are beautiful smiles.
Yep! Those are great smiles.
Yep, times like this call for sugary drinks.
Yep, we lost.
Yep! We're not gonna lose!
Yep, yep!
Yep, yep! I don't really get it, but that's a nice saying.
Yep, yep, yep!
Yep, you've got it right.
- Yes!
- Yes.
Yes!
Yes?
Yes.
Yes...
Yes. After consulting Momoko-sensei, I decided to go to Hollywood.
Yes, although thanks to that I've had my share of painful experiences.
Yes, and?
Yes. And as a result, Laura was able to realize her potential.
Yes, and as a result Laura was able to release her abilities.
Yes, and here's a sneak peek.
Yes, and some day I'll steal back that muse title!
Yes, and that includes you, Rei.
Yes, and that is exactly why I can't get enough of unit events.
- Yes, and that is exactly why I will never give up these unit events.
- Yes, and that is exactly why we must never stop having these unit events.
Yes, and this is supposed to be a training camp!
Yes. A new kind of fun that comes from being serious.
Yes. A new kind of fun you'd never know if you aren't serious.
Yes, anything's fine...
Yes, a ranking of all idols around the world.
Yes. Are you waiting for your ride?
Yes. As a member of Theater Class, I'll be creating a set of the greatest quality...
Yes, at least wait until the results come in.
Yes! At the top of Theater Class, Kisaragi Tsubasa from S4.
Yes! Because...
- Yes. Because I have more opportunities to be on stage, it's allowed me to sing in front of many more people.
Yes. Being surrounded by nature has a relaxing effect, and it allows for easier learning.
Yes, but...
Yes, but each of them had marvelous dresses.
Yes, but her true name was...
Yes! But I love doing it!
Yes, but of course.
Yes, but only popular models get regular columns.
Yes, but only popular models get serializations.
Yes, but they all had marvelous dresses.
Yes, call me but love!
Yes! Don't you wanna see?
Yes, each variety of lace confers a unique feeling upon the dress.
Yes, Elza-sama!
Yes. Elza-sama wished to eat the ultimate steak, so she has been developing her own brand of beef.
Yes, Elza wishes to welcome you with a performance.
Yes, especially how everyone in the new S4 is being appointed as first or second-years.
- Yes. Especially Nijino, who faced challenge after challenge that I presented.
- Yes. Especially Nijino, whom I presented challenge after challenge.
Yes. Especially Nijino, whom I presented challenge after challenge this past year.
Yes, everything is simple in the end.
Yes, exactly.
Yes, exactly, more of that.
Yes, for I am an actress!
Yes. For me, the upcoming S4 Selection will be my final battle.
Yes, for my name is Perfect Elza!
Yes, have anyone in mind?
Yes, hello?
Yes, here is their website.
- Yes, Hime and I are preparing quite thoroughly.
Yes, Hime and I are well into our preparations.
- Yes, Hime and I have already started preparing.
Yes. However, I fear that I may inadvertently cloud your radiance.
Yes, I admired her for teaching me the fun of Aikatsu.
Yes! I also have a true rival.
Yes. I believe I had told you of it before.
Yes. I believe I have told you of it before.
Yes! I can do this!
Yes. I can hear the voices of the clovers.
Yes, I could feel her resolution.
Yes, I could feel her resolve.
Yes! I could not have done it without you, Yuzu!
Yes, I'd love for you to come and watch.
Yes. I'd love for you to come and watch.
Yes, I do!
Yes! I feel like I'm dreaming, getting to Aikatsu with you again.
Yes! I feel so light after shouting what was in my heart.
Yes! I finally managed to steal that bakery's recipe!
Yes! I got a good idea!
Yes, I have a few choice words for Elza-san's mother.
Yes. I hope you didn't slack off while I was out.
Yes! I-I mean...
Yes, I-I understand.
Yes. I know Laura's busy preparing to move, so I wanted to do everything I could in her stead.
Yes. I know Laura's busy preparing to move, so I wanted to do everything I could to help out.
Yes, I know very well.
Yes, I'll be ready any time!
Yes, I'll blow you out of the water!
Yes, I'll show you I can!
Yes! I'll use it to film what goes on in the dressing room.
Yes. I love it, so I want to show everyone my own Aikatsu.
Yes, I'm currently challenging myself to new Aikatsu at Venus Ark.
Yes, I'm doing fine.
Yes, I'm doing horribly.
Yes, I'm fine. Thanks...
Yes, I'm honestly surprised.
Yes, I'm making an appearance on "Why did YOU become an idol?" Isn't that the show that gets a viewer rating of 30 every week? That's amazing!
Yes, I'm planning to unveil it at my next solo concert.
Yes, I'm present.
Yes! I'm really doing it!
Yes, I'm so proud of you, Mahiru.
Yes, I'm sorry.
Yes, I'm touched.
Yes, I'm very excited for it.
Yes, in Nijino Yume's First Solo Live.
Yes. In return, we'll give them...
Yes, I recovered in the infirmary.
Yes, I shall sing for my own sake.
Yes, isn't it just?
Yes, I suppose I could give you a hint.
Yes, I suppose there's only one thing I can say.
Yes, it came out of nowhere...
Yes! It came to me as I was researching show dancers in the library.
Yes, it has come...
Yes, it is!
Yes, it is.
Yes. It is a brand as elegant and lovely as Hime-senpai herself.
Yes, it is a special coord only perfect idols are permitted to wear.
Yes, it is Matsusaka beef from this country.
Yes. It'll be exciting to see what kind of chemical reaction the powerhouses of Song and Beauty Classes create.
Yes. It'll be quite exciting to see what kind of chemical reaction the powerhouses of Song and Beauty Classes create.
Yes, it looks like a big audition with no entry requirements.
Yes, it looks like a VIP seat fit for royalty.
Yes, it looks marvelous.
Yes! It makes me as happy as singing.
Yes. It pains me to say it, but she was breathtaking.
Yes, it's a happy miscalculation.
Yes! It's a lot of fun getting to experience a variety of Aikatsu here.
Yes, it's beneficial to have someone you can work with.
Yes, it's delicious.
Yes! It's like a dream to be able to Aikatsu with you again.
Yes, it's Miranda-san!
Yes, it's such a charming tent!
Yes, it's the answer I found.
Yes, it's the break between the first and second halves of the game.
Yes, it's those eyes.
Yes, it surprised me.
Yes, it was. And I'm just happy that our viewers feel the same way.
Yes, it was a respectable performance.
Yes, it would be as if I peeled a mandarine only to find a banana.
Yes, I understand.
Yes, I've made a lot of memories with it since I joined S4.
Yes. I've never met her personally, but I've heard a lot from my younger brother Hikaru.
Yes. I want to change the brand name of Berry Parfait.
Yes! I want to get back to Four Star Academy as fast as I can.
Yes! I want to get back to Four Star Academy even a second earlier.
Yes. I want to learn a lot more and bring smiles all around the world.
Yes, I was hoping for any kind of hint you could give.
Yes, I was hoping to run into Hime-chan.
Yes, I was hoping you could point me in the right direction.
Yes. I was overjoyed to see her growth.
Yes, I was rather surprised.
Yes, I will. Be on your way.
Yes, I will be Song Class's center!
Yes... I will, Master!
Yes, I will not show any mercy.
Yes, I will sing for myself today.
Yes, I will stand at the center of Song Class!
Yes, I wonder how many months it's been.
Yes, I would!
Yes, I wouldn't want it any other way!
Yes, just a little more.
Yes! Just look at me.
Yes! Kaede Sushi!
Yes! Kasumi Mahiru is moving on now!
Yes, Kirara and I will be on stage.
Yes, Kirara-sama is certainly one of our idols...
Yes, Kisaragi Tsubasa has departed for Los Angeles.
Yes! Koukadou holds auditions each year to select a campaign girl for their new product.
Yes! Koukadou holds auditions each year to select a campaign girl to promote their new products.
Yes! Leave it to me!
Yes! Let's have you compete with a performance and decide with an online vote!
Yes! Let's have you each perform on stage and decide this with an online vote!
Yes. Let's take a look.
Yes, like I said...
Yes, mine is for a fashion page.
Yes, Mother.
Yes, neither could I.
Yes. Nothing will change.
Yes, of course!
Yes, of course.
Yes! One day, for sure!
Yes, please.
Yes, please do.
Yes, please feel free.
Yes, please start it!
Yes, please take a look.
Yes! Reading through my memories later is important Aikatsu too!
Yes, right away!
Yes, right here!
Yes. She has the motivation, but even if her heart can keep up, her body can't.
Yes, she'll be fine now.
Yes, she plans to do so after defeating you in the Final Stage.
Yes, she's my rival.
Yes! She's the top of Theater Class, S4's Kisaragi Tsubasa.
Yes, she was like the moon.
Yes. Take care, Hime-senpai.
Yes, thankfully.
Yes. Thanks to your support, I feel rejuvenated and at ease.
Yes. Thanks to your support, I feel rejuvenated and relaxed.
Yes, thank you.
Yes... thank you so much.
Yes! Thank you so much!
Yes, thank you so much for your help.
Yes! Thank you very much, Lily-senpai!
Yes. That.
Yes, that is a mandarine.
Yes. That is my intention, pure and simple.
Yes, that is the true meaning of strength!
Yes, that looks just fine.
Yes, that really brings back memories.
Yes! That's exactly right.
Yes, that's good!
Yes, that's it! You're doing great!
Yes, that sounds lovely.
Yes, that's our duty as S4.
Yes! That's precisely it!
Yes, that's right.
Yes, that's right. A close friend of mine just opened a new concert hall.
Yes, that's right. One of my close friends just had a new concert hall constructed.
Yes, that's what I heard.
Yes, that's why I always looked up to her.
Yes! That was a very wonderful show!
Yes! That was her greatest performance ever, bar none!
Yes, that was undoubtedly fate.
Yes, that will make your dance appear more dynamic.
Yes, that would be good.
Yes, the Aikatsu of a new age!
Yes! The foundation of Aikatsu is stamina.
Yes. The headmaster has been very concerned about you.
Yes! The look on Master's face after a serious performance is lovely! It's very lovely!
Yes. The next time I come back to Japan will be for my grudge match with Yuzu-senpai!
Yes, the one we're in.
Yes, the previous one ended exactly on time.
Yes, the reason I applied for this school was because of Subaru-kyun.
Yes, there has been an endless stream throughout and after the Aikatsu Ranking.
Yes, there's a break between the first and second halves of the game.
Yes, there's even a real diary and keys on the skirt.
Yes, these came out great!
Yes, the super spicy one.
Yes. They call out to me wherever they are.
Yes, they certainly did.
Yes, they completely surprised me.
Yes, they're incredible.
Yes, they stopped!
Yes, they've grown leaps and bounds since last year.
Yes, things I never could've learned stuck in New York.
Yes, things I would've never learned had I stayed in New York.
Yes, this is the flavor!
Yes, this is the taste!
Yes, this time...
Yes. Those were my intentions, pure and simple.
Yes, though thanks to that, I've had my share of painful experiences.
Yes! Together, you can do anything!
Yes. Tomorrow is our center audition.
Yes. Tomorrow is the center audition.
Yes, two days from now.
Yes, very much.
Yes, we are.
Yes, we can.
Yes, we certainly did.
Yes, we did!
Yes, we'd like to do a feature on you on our program.
Yes, we'd like to introduce you on our program.
Yes. We had a piano on the bank of a lake.
Yes. We'll be staying overnight, and I'll be relying on your assistance.
Yes, we'll do our best!
Yes, we'll do our best.
Yes, we part of S4 now.
Yes, we're good.
Yes, we're here at the department store's rooftop event space.
Yes, we're part of S4 now.
Yes, we spent a time studying abroad here.
Yes, we truly did.
Yes, we've been waiting!
Yes, what a lovely idea!
Yes, what an unexpected win! Yeah!
Yes, when fairies become happy and aroused, they grow wings!
Yes, when fairies become happy and excited, they grow wings!
Yes. Will you accept?
Yes, without question.
Yes—without song, people shall forever be ignorant of love!
Yes—without song, people will forever be ignorant of love!
Yes—without song, people will never know love!
Yes, yes! Kasumi Mahiru-san is currently at the stadium.
Yes... yes, you're right.
Yes, yet it is still not enough.
Yes, you are.
Yes, you're absolutely right.
Yes, you're out.
Yes, you should look forward to the special lessons Tsubasa and I have prepared.
Yes, you too.
Yet above it is a bridge of stars to stardom!
Yet, if that is to be my destiny, I shall not turn my back to it.
Yet I... lost.
Yet I'm certain that alone is not enough.
Yet in the end, I...
Yet it is only by surpassing that S4 that the new one can be formed.
Yet, only by surpassing this S4 can a new one can be formed.
Yet she was not satisfied, and so worked to acquire the Sun Dress.
Yet two must go!
Yet you're strong enough to live on your own.
Yet you still live strongly on your own.
Yiss!
Yo!
Yo.
Yogurt Also, sheep wool is used to make sweaters and more, helping us in our daily lives.
Yoohoo!
Yoohoo! I'm back again!
Yoohoo, Mahiru-chan!
Yo, pickled octopus.
yoru no kaze ga sasayaita The night breeze whispers quietly yoru no kaze ga sasayaita Below the secret planetarium himitsu no puranetariumu Below the secret planetarium himitsu no puranetariumu Won't you join me?
Yo, sorry it took so long.
Yo, Toma...
Yotsuba Uh, no, what I'm looking for is a four-leaf...
Yotsuba Yes?
You accomplished your goal, Aria-chan.
You act as though you've already passed.
You all...
You all came together!
You all have lovely smiles.
You all know that Shooting Star is coming out of hiatus, right?
You all right?
You all right, Lilienne?
You almost made it to the top of the ranking that used to be filled with Venus Ark idols!
You alone can accompany her to a world outside my reach.
You already had one!
You also need to Aikatsu for your fans, right?
You always have been, and you always will be!
You always irritate me to no end, but you're particularly irritating today!
You always look like you're having so much fun when you Aikatsu, Aria-chan.
You always put in the effort.
You and Elza are our infallible guiding stars.
- You and I have both experienced performances like we're someone else.
You and I have both experienced performances where it felt like we were someone else.
- You and I have both experienced performances where we felt like we were someone else.
You and Yume.
You appear to have lifted a weight from your shoulders, Nijino-san.
You are?
You are absolutely perfect, my darling Kirara.
You are amazing, Yuzu.
You are a Sakuraba, inheritor of our musical lineage.
You are a Sakuraba, the next in line to continue our long history of living alongside music.
You are as strict as ever, Eikichi-san.
You are a true actress, and the greatest of idols.
You are like a soulless rock star.
You are mon épice. The spice of life.
You are not simply inheriting the brand's name.
You are now cats!
You aren't going to eat?
- You aren't planning on letting Yume-chan and them just be exchange students and leave?
You aren't worthless.
You... are perfect!
You are, right?
You are right though that it has helped me out in more than just modeling.
You are the very definition of a natural-born idol.
You are the victor!
You are the worst model I have ever met.
You are the worst model I have ever seen.
You are this year's Miracle Girl.
You ask the impossible.
You ate all of it?
You barely made it. Be more attentive.
You barely made it. Get it together.
You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito - You believe in possibility that the future affords to me - mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito Mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility
You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto
You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me mada minu watashi no koto wo shinjitekureru hito Please listen to the music
You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me You believe in possibility that the future affords to me
You bested me this time, but I won't lose again.
- You bet!
You bet!
You betcha!
You bet I did!
You bet! My bestest friend is finally coming back!
You bet! We'll make everyone's hearts beat out of their chests!
You both seem to be rather focused.
You both want to create a good dress.
You bought one?
You brought so much again.
You came all this way...
You came for her!
You came to find a prop, right?
You came to visit?
You came up with this idea, Tsubasa?
You can accompany her to a world beyond my reach.
You can bet it'll have you on the edge of your seat!
You can bet it'll have you watching on the edge of your seat!
You can bet on it!
You canceled my concert without warning and made her perform her first solo live in the Grand Hall.
You canceled my scheduled concert without warning Are you quite finished?
You can come see me whenever you want.
You can count on it!
You can count on me!
You can count on me.
You can definitely do it, Lilienne!
You can do it.
You can do it! Hiyoko-chan, you can become a CA!
You can do it! Hiyoko-chan, you can become a flight attendant!
You can do it, Laura!
You can do it, Yume.
"You can do it, Yume-chan"?
"You can do it, Yume-chan"...
You can do it, Yume-chan.
You can do more than sing—we plan to hold plays, fashion shows, and dance exhibitions too.
You can do this.
You can do this, Koharu.
You can do whatever you'd like now, babies.
You can draw out each other's charms, and compensate for the parts you lack.
You can even walk out of a performance without breathing hard.
You can find her right...
You can find them over there.
You can fly higher than anyone else can dare yori mo takaku tobiagareru yo You can fly higher than anyone else can dare yori mo takaku tobiagareru yo You can fly higher than anyone else can dare yori mo takaku tobiagareru yo - Hooray! Hooray! - Hooray! Hooray!
You can form any unit you want, regardless of year or class.
You can give up on your Halloween Princess aspirations now.
You can grow. So long as you have the will...
You can have it!
You can have this.
You can make it, Yume-chan.
You can make your hair wavy with a curling iron.
You can mix and match to your heart's content.
You cannot Aikatsu well on an empty stomach.
You can only appreciate sunny days because there are times the sky clouds over.
You can play piano?
- You can really feel their auras.
You can really tell she used to play volleyball!
You can rely on me!
You can rely on us!
You can say whatever you want.
You can say whatever you want there.
You can shake our hands at the Kira Kira Department Store!
You can shine brightly enough on your own even without me.
You can shine far more brilliantly when you're with others than when you are alone.
You can still catch her.
You can still catch up.
You can't be serious!
You can't be serious...
You can't blame her, she doesn't have any fans yet.
You can't blame her. She doesn't have any fans yet.
You can't create such a wealth of ideas without a deep knowledge of show production.
You can't depart in this storm!
You can't determine the reason?
You can't do it?
You can tell it's the most popular.
You can tell us about it.
You can tell us anything!
You can't escape!
You can't escape us.
You can't fool Elza-sama.
You can't fool Elza-sama's eyes.
You can't get much more educational than S4's work.
You can't get tired that quickly!
You can't go calling her jumbo ribbon anymore!
- You can't have chemistry if you're by yourself - kagaku hannou hitori ja toutei - You can't have chemistry if you're by yourself - kagaku hannou hitori ja toutei What's the point of an impossible miracle?
- You can't have chemistry if you're by yourself - kagaku hannou hitori ja toutei - You can't have chemistry if you're by yourself - kagaku hannou hitori ja toutei - What's the point of an impossible miracle? - Umarenai mirakuru tte nanda?
You can't have chemistry if you're by yourself What's a miracle that can't be born?
- You can't ignore her momentum!
You can't just down it all like that.
You can't keep abusing it.
You can't know that until you try!
You can't look down!
You can't miss it!
You can't rely on anyone else.
You can't run from me!
You can trust in me to take care of everything.
You can trust me to take care of everything.
You can't sing if you cry, leader.
You can't sing if you're crying, leader.
You can use Glitter items to change the design. Click!
You can use items called Glitter to change the design. Click!
You can use it if you'd like.
You can win the quiz show, but to claim the area you need the crowd's approval of your efforts.
You certainly could.
You certainly got an early start today.
You certainly have.
You certainly have a charming smile.
You certainly have grown quite a bit since we came to Japan.
You cleansed my heart!
You climbed your way here, so it's your responsibility to teach her.
You constantly irritate me to no end, but today you're acting particularly irritating!
You continue to get in my way, Nijino Yume!
You could make a playing card deck with this many!
You couldn't sleep?
You could tell?
You danced just fine.
You'd been looking so sour lately.
You'd be hard pressed to find another rookie boasting such high expectations.
You'd be hard-pressed to find another rookie boasting such high expectations.
You'd best prepare yourself.
You definitely just sighed!
You definitely were bold, Ako.
You deserve props for that show.
You did?
You did a fantastic job of cleaning.
You did great. Here.
You did great, Lilienne!
You did great too, Aria!
You did it!
You did it, Ako-chan!
You did it, Laura!
You did it, Laura.
You did it, Lilienne!
You did it, Mahiru!
You did it, Mahiru-chan!
You did it, Mikki!
You did it! Nozomu-kun, that was incredible!
You did it! You made it, Koharu-chan!
You did it, Yume and Koharu!
You didn't expect us to be this head over heels for you, right?
You didn't make a mistake.
You did so well!
You did well.
You did well, Kirara.
You did well to make your way back, Nanakura.
You did well to match up a coord with 1, 2, Sing for You!
You did work hard.
You did work work.
You did your best, didn't you?
You displayed a brilliant tiny glimmer in your last moments.
You doing it for Subaru or something?
You doing it for Subaru's sake or something?
You don't care about me at all!
You don't even have to be here at the venue to be in on it.
You don't get it?
- You don't have to be here at the venue to be in on it.
- You don't have to be here at the venue to enjoy watch it.
You don't know? He plays the protagonist of the detective drama Pinky Cat.
You don't know? It's Elza Forte, from Venus Ark!
You don't mind?
You don't need to.
You don't need to be.
You don't need to be so stiff about it.
You don't need to bring that up here!
You don't need to measure yourself against Nijino, do the same things as her, or worry about winning and losing.
You don't need to push yourself.
You don't need to rush your answer.
You don't need to tell me that.
You don't need to worry.
You don't remember?
You don't think so?
You don't understand?
You don't understand a young lady's heart!
You don't want to enter the contest?
You don't want to lose to Nijino Yume, huh.
You do this, and then go like this.
You dropped this.
You'd think so, right?
You earn it from doing wonderful performances.
You earn them by doing well in your performances.
You enjoy your Aikatsu...
You even blew Haruka's eyes wide open!
You even modeled for a smattering of magazines.
You even personally approved of her genius as a designer.
You exaggerate.
You exasperate me!
You exhausted?
You, explain that bed head.
You face and fight yourself.
You fail.
You feel a duty to help those in need.
You fell for it!
You figured it out, rookie investigator.
You finally stopped crying.
You flatter me.
You found me.
You found one?
You gain points during concerts, events, and the like to determine the most popular idol.
You gave up too fast!
You get it?
You get points every time you do a show, and the more you get, the higher your rank!
You get points for doing certain events and performances over the course of the year.
You girls!
You girls...
You girls come along too!
You girls! If you don't stop this pointless argument, then baa!
You giving me advice?
You gleamed during your recent performance.
You got here just in time.
You got into a real groove.
You got it!
You got it?!
You got it.
You gotta give them a pretty haircut!
You got that right!
You got the Hime Curry.
You guys...
You had a much bigger presence than before!
You had me worried, disappearing like that.
You had me worried, seriously.
You had this look on your face like the sky was falling down.
You handle everything with such ease.
- You have a fan for life in me, Yume-chan!
You have a horde of fans out waiting for you.
You have a horde of fans out-waiting for you.
You have a point.
You have a recording for a music program at 3 PM.
You have a sharp eye.
You have a way with words, Yume.
You have everything that I don't have.
- You have experience wearing Spice Chord before, isn't that right?
You have faced many hardships precisely because of your dedication to Aikatsu.
You have faced many hardships precisely because of your earnest pursuit of Aikatsu.
You have large eyes, so use eyeliner on about one-third of your lower eyelids.
You have large eyes, so we'll put eyeliner on the lower third of your eyelids.
You have lost your brilliance, and along with it your right to remain at Venus Ark.
You have my deepest apologies.
You have my gratitude for your assistance.
You have my sincerest gratitude.
You have no chance.
You have no passion.
You have nothing to apologize for.
You have nothing to fear.
You have nowhere to run.
You haven't let up on your basic training at all this past year.
You haven't logged on in a while, right?
You have one, and I've got one too.
You have plans for today?
You have quite the fine look in your eyes.
You have received an offer to star in Let's Go Curry's commercial for their new summer dishes.
You have received an offer to star in Let's Go Curry's new summer flavor commercial.
You have responsibilities as S4!
You have so many books.
You have so many different materials.
You have so much talent!
You have such wonderful wings, yet you're not using them to fly.
You have the entire schedule memorized?
You have the right to inherit Spice Chord, along with the passionate soul to match.
You have the scent of idols!
You have the skills.
You have the talent.
You have the taste of an old lady.
You have things that I don't.
You have thus far proven your knowledge and stamina.
You have to be extra careful when the pathways are covered in snow.
You have to hustle, Mahiru!
You have to keep in mind the unique rules of the Star Captor Festival.
You have to keep in mind the unique rules the Star Captor Festival has.
- You have tons of messages from all your fans. - I'm always cheering for you Good luck!! Looking forward to Fall Fest! Do your best!! Yume-chan, you haven't been commenting much recently What's wrong? I'm worried When will I be able to see your next stage, Yume-chan?
You have to perform at as many shows as possible.
You have trouble cooking too, Aria?
You have until then to rethink what exactly it is you can do.
You have your responsibility as S4!
You heard her! Take it to Ako-nyan's room please, please!
You held a lovely performance.
You held a wonderful final bout that exceeded my expectations.
You helped me put on a fantastic show.
You honor me.
You I can understand...
You, I can understand...
You insult me.
You join in too, Ako-chan!
You just had this outstanding performance, yet you're not satisfied at all.
You just have to challenge yourself however you want and find your very own coord.
You just need to place first in the finals, right?
You just started?! But you're so good.
You just want to pass?
You keep saying that, but...
You kept me waiting.
You knew more about idols than anyone since we were kids, Those days are long past, I'm afraid.
you know.
You know about her?
- You know both the importance and the struggle to press onward without running away.
You know how funny Ako-chan from S4 is?
- You know how important it is to keep pressing onward as well as how hard it is to do.
You know how important it is to keep pressing onward, as well as how much of a struggle it is.
You know, I couldn't be happier to be able to spend Christmas with you all.
- You know, I learned something after all my Aikatsu in S4.
You know, I learned something from all my Aikatsu in S4.
You know, I think I understand that feeling.
You know, I think pastel pink or purple can express pop just as good!
You know, it's like the more I think about it, the more confused I make myself.
You know, it's strange.
You know, like the Yeti or Nessy!
You know my sister?
You know Producer Sashida from Four Star Label?
You know that honeybees can be quite fickle.
You know that honeybees can be quite fickle mitsubachi wa choppiri kimagure yo You know that honeybees can be quite fickle mitsubachi wa choppiri kimagure yo What kind of flower can strike its fancy?
- You know, there's something I learned after all my S4 Aikatsu.
You know, there's something Kirara learned today.
You know, the special drama they filmed here just a while back.
You know what? I can't contain my excitement right now!
You know what? I just got a great idea.
You know what? We should go out somewhere until our parents get here.
You know why.
You learned from her?
You learn so fast, Koharu-chan!
You leave me no choice but to use my trump card.
You led me on!
You let FuwaFuwa Dream down.
You liar! Kirara would feel baa with anyone other than Ako-chan!
You likely didn't notice, but film crews and interviewers have come from overseas to cover Elza's performance.
You'll be able to see them perform in a pair unit.
You'll be able to share your worries and encouragements with each other.
You'll be cornered against this cliff, and after jumping down you'll run to Taiyou-san.
You'll be cornered on this cliff, and after jumping down you'll run to Taiyou-san.
You'll be done after this.
You'll be fine.
You'll be fine, Lilienne.
You'll be fine. You have all your friends here with you.
You'll be fine. You have partners here with you.
You'll be going with Yume, right Koharu?
You'll be just fine, even without me.
You'll be played a series of song intros and asked to pick a matching dress for each.
You'll be played a series of song intros and need to pick a matching dress for each.
You'll be playing our Japanese Sweets Quartet's dear housemaid who provides us with advice on kimonos.
You'll be singing either way, so who cares about the order?
You'll be stuck with one foot in the past.
You'll be working to support your upperclassmen, Shiratori and Kasumi!
You'll do great, Koharu-chan.
You'll draw lots to determine a bracket, and the winners proceed to the Final Stage.
You'll draw lots to determine who faces off first, and the winners will proceed to the Final Stage.
You'll face a lot of tough decisions, but when you get it perfect, the feeling is incomparable.
You'll find out for yourselves in just a moment.
You'll find out soon.
- You'll find that unit activities brings with it fresh wonder beyond your standard Aikatsu.
- You'll find that unit activities bring with it fresh wonder beyond your standard Aikatsu.
You'll find that unit activities hold a different magnificence from your standard Aikatsu.
You'll get fat.
You'll get to have your rival match.
You'll give me a ride? Thanks!
You'll go if you can?
- You'll have a lot of tough decisions, but when you get it perfect, the feeling is incomparable.
You'll have to make it count.
You'll have to make S4 first, right?
- You'll have to pry it from my cold, dead fingers!
You'll have to pry it from my cold, dead hands!
You'll have to work harder than that to pass us.
You'll have to work harder to pass us.
You'll have to work hard on the Aikatsu Ranking.
You'll have to work your way up the Aikatsu Ranking too.
You'll heal in a week's time with cold compresses.
You'll just have to wait and see.
You'll keep on putting more effort into your Aikatsu, won't you?
You'll lose your ability to sing, much like I did.
You'll need stamina for a solo live!
You'll need to buckle down and go for it.
You'll really do it?
- You'll regret it if you look down on Yume, so don't say I didn't warn you.
You'll regret it if you sell Yume short, so don't say I didn't warn you.
You'll run out of steam if you work too hard.
You'll see in due time.
You'll see in the next scene.
You'll start your rockingest class activities this afternoon, babies.
You look adorable.
You look better than I expected.
You looked like a real fairy with the Star Wings on your back.
You looked like you thought the sky was falling.
You looked like you were convinced the sky was falling.
You looked pretty on board with it to me.
You look great with it.
You look like a boiled octopus!
You look like a mage.
You look like a sorcerer.
You look like a tomato!
You look like you're bored out of your mind, Mahiru.
You look like you're itching for more work.
You look pale. What happened?
You look very cute!
You look wonderful.
You look wonderful in it, Yume-chan.
You lost me.
You love to sing, and you've worked your hardest at it.
You made it all the way to the finals.
You made it come true, Yume-chan.
You made it into the Koukadou Audition!
You made it over ninety percent!
You made me happy!
You made me want to get my own Star Premium Rare Coord too!
You made one already!
You made some first-year cry her eyes out!
You made that vow, Yume-chan.
You made your decision to do this.
You make no sense!
You managed to impress not only our fellow first-years, but even our senpai.
You may be right.
You may find it over there.
You may have been on the street beat until now, but I assume you've heard of the Shadow Star Thieves.
You may have been right.
You may have lost the tournament, but still...
You may just get that opportunity.
You may keep your own brand.
You may never get a chance like this again!
You may not be ready, but we decided to go ahead with the trainee debut concert.
You may not have known, but there was a time I doubted whether I should have ever come here.
- You may run into hardship further along your path, and in those times especially must you believe in yourself.
You may run into hardship somewhere along your path, but it is those times especially you must believe in yourself.
You mean all of us?
You mean Elza Forte-san?
You mean for the Collection?
You mean just like what we're doing, right?
You mean just us?
You mean Laura-chan from Four Star Academy?
You mean she planned to play them all by using the time lag?
You mean Subaru from M4?
You mean that model?
You mean the audition?
You mean the extremely talented model who decided to go with Elza-san after hearing her criticism?
You mean we didn't realize it was right here because we thought it was part of the set?
You mean you're interrogating us?
You met Hime-senpai, didn't you.
You might be able to make it through!
You might come to an insight if you go.
You might just find it if you continue to search.
You must already be feeling lonely, Nijino-san.
You must as well.
You must be... Elza Forte-san?
You must be excited.
You must be feeling hungry.
You must be feeling lonely already, Nijino-san.
You must be quite the pure and innocent girl.
You must be the exchange students from Japan.
You must cry when you feel like crying.
You must defeat us in battle if you so wish to pass.
You must feel lonely.
You must get more bed rest.
You must have felt the same thing.
You must have felt the same way.
You must have remembered as well, Yuzu.
You must hurry to save your sister as well.
You mustn't...
You mustn't cry!
You mustn't forget that Laura girl.
You mustn't give up!
You mustn't underestimate the dangers of ocean wounds.
You must overcome, Nijino Yume!
You must promise to obtain Star Wings.
You must really love music.
You must think highly of yourself.
You must've felt so lonely.
You must've worked hard.
You nailed it, Laura! I knew you'd understand.
You need 800 points combined to pass.
You needn't mind me.
You needn't worry.
You need to beat the importance of friendship into Elza Forte!
You need to come in soon.
You need to do a better job as muse.
You need to look more carefully!
You need to refuel.
You need to take a breather sometimes.
You never cared about me at all!
You never cease acting like a child.
You never cease to act like a child.
You never change, Elza.
You never know what angle she'll attack from.
You never know what'll come out of Koharu-chan's grab bag!
You never know what'll happen in a dream.
You never know your limits, leader.
Young folks these days certainly are striking.
You noticed? It was super cute, so I borrowed your idea.
You okay?
You okay, Laura?
You only twisted it a little.
You opened the door to the world of idols for me.
You out of your mind?! Our Mahiru-neesan ain't gonna...
You outshined your peers in the idol who viewers would like to receive chocolate from ranking.
You outshone the field in the "Idol You Most Want To Receive Chocolate From" ranking.
You parents have already contacted me.
You pass.
You passed!
You picked the Song Class too?
You planned a treasure hunt to entertain me.
You planning to keep at it longer?
You played three roles yourself?!
You poor thing. Don't let it get you down.
You possess a radiance that Elza does not.
You prepared all this?
You probably don't know, but I actually had the same experience back in my first year.
You probably don't know, but I actually had the same experience in my first year.
You probably don't remember, but we couldn't have opened up without you.
You probably just got the role because you're singing the theme song.
You pushed through, Sakuraba.
Your abilities are at a level where you can be proud to call yourself a Sakuraba.
Your abs are rock hard too.
Your abs are rock-hard too.
Your acting is flawless.
Your acting shot right through my heart, Ako-chan!
Your acting struck me right in the heart, Ako-chan!
Your acting was very realistic.
Your Aikatsu can bring smiles to many more people.
Your a million years to early to throw down with a racer like me.
You ranked number one among idols who viewers would like to receive chocolate from.
Your arms are shaking.
Your assistance is unnecessary!
Your best friend is going overseas.
your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou Start Line!
your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou kagiri no nai jounetsu de tobikoeteikou Start Line!
your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with your boundless passion So take to the skies with
Your brand's performance is in continuous decline.
Your cheers reach us on stage through those things.
Your contrasting individualities brought out the best in each, raising you both to greater heights!
Your dream was to get into S4.
Your dream will definitely come true!
Your dress...
You're a billion years too early to challenge a racer like me.
You're about to come back to school, so consider this a warm up!
You're about to come back to school, so consider this a warm-up!
You're a die-die-diehard fan of Subaru, aren't you?
You're a different person now.
You read my mind, Rei.
You ready?
You're a first-year in Beauty Class, right?
You're a future member of S4!
You're a huge fan of action movies!
You're a hundred years too early to raise a blade against me!
You're a hundred years too early to rebel against me!
You're a lifesaver!
You're a lifesaver. Thanks.
You're all idols too?
- You're all our precious partners. That's all there is to it.
- You're all precious partners. That's all there is to it.
You're all right now.
You're all sparkling just like a CD.
You're all working hard.
You really are amazing.
You really are an interesting girl.
You really are awesome, Laura.
You really are incredible!
You really are incredible.
You really are weird, Kirara.
You really ask the impossible, leader.
You really can't see anything but him.
You really didn't have to.
You really didn't hold back.
You really didn't hold back on them.
You really do!
You really have grown.
You really... really get me going!
You really saved us.
You really saved us. We have a very important show to make.
You really seem to enjoy eating.
You really surprised me with how much you've grown!
You really think so?
You're almost there, Elza.
You're a lot stronger than when we first met.
You're already leaving?
You're amazing, Koharu-chan.
You're amazing, Lilienne!
You're amazing, Mahiru-chan!
You're amazing, Nijino-san.
You're amazing, Yume-chan. I can feel the courage to face my own dreams bubbling up once more.
You're amazing, Yume-chan. You've given me the courage to chase my own dreams once more.
You're a meanie, Lilienne.
You're a perfect daughter.
You're a really entertaining girl.
You're asking the impossible! How could I possibly practice with Subaru-kyun?
- You're asking the impossible! How do you propose I practice with Subaru-kyun?
You're a stubborn one.
You're auditioning for Song Class, right?
You're awake?
You're blessed.
You're bright red.
You're bright red. I knew you were a boiled octopus.
You're burning up. You can't finish like this! Withdrawal is...
You're childhood friends, are you not?
You're co-starring with Hime-chan, right?
You're crying, Elza-sama!
You're doing it first thing in the morning?
You're doing well supporting her as student council vice president.
You're far too splendid.
You're fine with doing this?
You're from Finland, right?
You're full of knowledge.
You're funny, Yume-chan.
You're gentle, really considerate, and kind to everyone.
You're getting ahead of yourself.
You're getting ahead of yourself, Yume-chan.
You're going already?
You're going down, Onee-chan!
You're going to be on The Best Music Show.
You're going to be punished because of Miranda.
You're going to bungee jump from atop it.
You're going to bungee jump from the top.
You're going to fail again.
You're going to hold a show?
You're going up right after me.
You're gonna be on stage with Hime-senpai!
You're gonna be on The Best Music Show, right?
You're gonna play his girlfriend!
You're good to go, Naho-san.
You're great, Koharu!
You're hardworking, ambitious, and diligent.
You're heavy.
You're heavy, ribbit.
You're here early.
You're holding an event? That's awesome!
You're in for a nice surprise.
You're in so much pain, but I can't do anything for you.
You're in such a pinch it's no wonder I felt a tingling thirty thousand feet in the air.
You're in Theater Class, so I guess you're aiming to be a star actress?
You're in Theater Class, so I guess you want to be a star actress?
You're in the way.
You're "it" next, Ako!
You're just as amazing as them!
You're just in time...
You're just like us!
You're kidding! Is she serious?
You're kidding me...
You're killing me, babies.
You're kind of heavy.
You're kind of lacking something.
You're late!
You're late.
You're late! I was starting to worry...
You're like my older sister.
You're like our very own goddess, Lily-chan.
You're looking better than I expected.
You're looking like a real pro now.
You're lucky.
You're lucky it isn't any longer.
You're lucky, Laura. You've got your whole "rock" thing.
You're making a really big deal out of this.
You're making me blush.
- You're making me happy just looking at you.
You're making me like My Little Heart even more.
You're modest, perceptive, and kind to everyone.
You're Monica, from Motoko, and you're Amy, from Eiko.
You're Monica from Motoko, Th-Think nothing of it! As your number one fan, I've studied far and wide to perfect my imitation.
You're my perfect daughter.
Your encouragement makes me happy.
You're Nijino Yume-chan and Saotome Ako-chan from Four Star Academy, right?
You're no longer the same person you were.
You're not?
You're not acting like yourself!
You're not acting like yourself.
You're not done yet?
You're not even going to try?
You're not even the least bit winded after a full performance.
You're not going to make a move, Elza?
You're not gonna keep me in you place!
You're not here for your fans?
You're not paparazzi, are you?
You're not supposed to use that one for training.
You're not the only one.
You're not weak at all, Laura.
You're not writing it?
You're now the top idol of Dance Class.
Your entourage is fast approaching.
You're off. One more time.
You're okay...
You're only getting in my way. Go home!
You're only getting one second chance.
You're only one step away from your dream now.
You're on the school grounds of Four Star Academy.
You're our only hope, jumbo ribbon.
You're out, my own clone.
You're participating in an audition?
You're part of S4 now, Yume.
You're Perfect Elza!
You're perfect for it, Laura!
You're playing Marissa's mentor idol, right?
You're pretty good.
You're ready!
You're really burning the midnight oil.
You're really here!
You're really into this. Nice to meet you.
You're right!
You're right.
You're right about that.
You're right. And it's not just lip service, but what truly excites you.
You're right. And the way to do it might just be to become respectable idols.
You're right, I am an idol.
You're right. I am part of Four Star Academy's S4!
You're right. I can already come up with so many different coords.
You're right, it fits like a glove.
You're right, it gets me going.
- You're right, it's pretty interesting.
- You're right. It's pretty interesting.
You're right. I want to Dress Make with confidence in my heart.
You're right. I wonder what's inside.
You're right! Let's do it together!
You're right! Let's try convincing them again!
You're right, Nijino Yume is special.
You're right. Seek not just lip service, but what truly excites you.
You're right, that does sound hard.
You're right. That does sound hard.
You're right, this might be the first time I've ever seen Yuzu-senpai be troubled.
You're right. This might be the first time I've ever seen Yuzu-senpai be troubled.
You're running forth now, Nijino.
You're saying that she rode higher in the wake of their trail.
You're saying that there's not enough time until the show starts.
You researched that deeply?
You're singing with us too, Koharu-chan.
You're so bright I can hardly keep looking mabushii kurai ganbatteru kimi wa You're so bright I can hardly keep looking mabushii kurai ganbatteru kimi wa Everyone can't help but smile by your side, so never give up minna wo itsumo egao ni suru ne never give up Everyone can't help but smile
You're so bright I can't see, Yuzu.
You're so cool!
You're so cool and mature and fashionable.
You're so cute, Laura!
You're so far, Onee-chan.
You're so funny!
You're so into it, Yume-chan.
You're so lucky!
You're so lucky, Koharu-chan.
You resolutely faced each test and searched for the answers from within your very soul.
You're so positive.
You're so positive I can't keep a straight face.
You're so scary!
You're so silly.
You're so silly, Senpai.
You're so stubborn.
You're so transparent.
You're squeezing me too tight, Yume-chan.
You're staring pretty hard at Yume-chan.
You're starting to act like a real pro.
You're still saying things like that?
You're strict on both yourself and others, and never satisfy easily.
You're strong.
You're studying for exams?
You're such a handful.
You're superhuman! Very superhuman!
You're supposed to be my rival.
You're supposed to dance while wearing them.
You're telling me!
You're telling me.
You're telling me. I even have Laura to worry about.
You're tenacious and competitive.
You're the best!
You're the best! I can't hold back any more!
You're the best, Laura.
You're the best rival I could've asked for.
You're the first of the new students to apply for an external audition.
You're the Futaba Aria-chan everyone's talking about?
You're their ray of light.
You're their Rei-san of light.
You're the one person I don't want to hear that from.
You're the one who ain't sparkling here.
You're the one who pushed me!
You're the one who's supposed to eat more than a normal person should!
You're the one who taught us that, Mahiru-neesan!
You're the one who worked the hardest.
You're the only person we can turn to.
You're the ostrich's mother?
You're the rude one here!
You're the same as always.
You're the same as ever, Koharu.
You're the same, right Yume?
You're the top first-year in Four Star Academy's Song Class, which is quite the honor.
You're the top idol of Dance Class now.
You're thinking too small.
You're to blame.
You're too naive. The judges want to see particularly unique idols.
You're too slow.
You're totally in the groove.
You return to the academy and focus on your own Aikatsu.
You're unbelievable.
You're unbelievable. I'd like to not waste my time with someone who doesn't care.
You're under arrest!
You're utterly splendid.
You're very lovely.
You're very skilled, Shirogane-san.
You're very welcome!
You're very welcome.
You're walking like a robot! Next!
You're welcome!
You're welcome to come.
You're well versed in many different fields.
You're wonderful, Laura.
You're working hard, Yume-chan.
You're worried about whether you're really making any progress, right?
Your expectations...
Your expression and movements are stiff. Next.
Your expressions and movements are stiff. Next.
Your eyes are always pointed upwards toward perfection.
Your face is bright red.
Your face is completely different than before.
Your face looks completely different now.
Your fairy outfit is cute too.
Your fans have been showering us with a constant stream of impassioned requests for a show.
Your fashion sense is superb!
Your father?
Your favorite color is that of the cloudless heavens, sky blue!
Your feelings?
Your feelings are the same.
Your final job is to relax in the baths and get a nice massage.
Your fingers are still trembling a bit chotto dake yubi ga furueteru chotto dake yubi ga furueteru You stand alone on the stage to progress susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori shunkan sekai ga kawaru no The whole world changes in an instant shunkan sekai ga kawaru no
Your fingers are still trembling a bit chotto dake yubi ga furueteru chotto dake yubi ga furueteru You stand alone on the stage to progress susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori The whole world changes in an instant shunkan sekai ga kawaru no shunkan sekai ga kawaru no
Your first question is, let's see...
Your flattery is unnecessary.
Your flight's tonight, right?
Your friends have come to see you out.
Your friends looked after this shop in your stead, busy as you were with preparations for your brand.
Your friends worked on this shop in your stead, busy as you were with preparations for your brand.
Your hands feel so nice and cool, Lily-chan.
Your hard work paid off.
Your hard work will surely bring smiles to all of our customers.
Your hesitant and scaredy-cat acting is far beyond that of a first-year.
You, ribbon girl over there!
Your imaginations sound enjoyable.
Your imaginations sound fun.
Your impression is accurate.
Your individuality comes from your other hobbies and interests.
Your individuality is most important.
Your inner demons come from the weaknesses in your heart.
Your inner demons, the weaknesses in your heart.
Your intertwining individualities brought out the best in each, raising you both to greater heights!
- Your interview is about to start!
Your knowledge of the original definitely gives you an edge.
Your knowledge of the original definitely gives you the edge.
Your last loss...
Your last performance seriously moved me.
Your laughter and your tears are all valuable experiences you should use to shine even brighter.
Your light is every bit as strong as Elza-san's.
Your little brother straddling the line between cute and cunning, Kasumi Asahi!
Your manager?
Your many fans await you.
Your massage felt very good.
Your mature demeanor is cool too, but I really love your smile.
Your method was quite... rock.
Your name is...
Your negligence will cost you one day.
Your new dream...
Your notebook's filling up nicely.
Your objective wasn't just to get the Sun Dress, was it?!
Your only requirement is that you wear a dress created through the Dress Make system.
Your opinion is accurate.
Your own sake?
Your passion reached us through your song.
Your passion will get through to them.
Your performance and dress, and not to mention...
Your performance at the finals touched our hearts. So please...
Your performance overwhelmed me!
Your performance overwhelmed me with emotion!
Your performance really was outstanding, Yume-chan.
Your performance was great.
Your performance was incredibly wonderful, wasn't it?
Your performance was magnificent.
Your performance was outstanding, Yume-chan.
Your performance was really amazing!
Your performance was really good.
Your performance was the best!
Your performance was wonderful!
Your performance will be evaluated by a panel of judges and the crowd present in the stands.
Your performance will be evaluated by the judges as well as the votes of the audience.
Your performance, your dress, and not to mention...
Your Pink Marching Coord is great!
Your plan is perfect!
Your pockets are just like a grab bag!
Your pockets are like a grab bag!
Your praise is wasted on me.
Your prediction was spot on!
Your Premium Rare Dress?
- Your Rank - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki
- Your Rank - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Below 30th - Below 30th - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura
- Your Rank Well, well, the battle's over before it began, Nijino Yume.
- Your Rank - Your Rank - Midpoint Update - Midpoint Update - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Haruka Luka - Satsu Eri - Kasumi Mahiru - Kasumi Mahiru - Sakuraba Laura - Sakuraba Laura - Saotome Ako - Saotome Ako - Miyakouji Tamaki - Miyakouji Tamaki
Your recent defeat...
Your relationship with Yume.
Your reputation precedes you.
Your request was easy to fulfill.
Your right and left shoes are different heights.
Your second serving is Tajima beef, from whence all Japanese steak derives.
Your second serving is the origin of all Japanese steak, Tajima beef.
Your second serving Tajima beef, from whence all Japanese steak derives.
Your sewing is so beautiful.
Your singing brings peace to your listeners' hearts.
Your singing will sell for sure!
Your sister?
Your sister left these behind.
Your skills are truly worthy of being called perfect.
Your skills as a designer are, how should I put it... still unripe.
Your skills have hit a new level, Laura.
Your skin is so springy!
Your smile helped me move forward.
Your smile helped me to move forward.
Your smile just now was really nice.
Your smile right now is really nice.
Your socks don't match!
Your solo live will be that venue's opening concert, right?
Your solo live will be the opening concert at your venue, right?
Your songs always make me feel warm somehow.
Your songs seem to fill me with warmth.
Your songs will sell for sure!
Your song will surely reach the world.
Your stage that practically screamed "It's summer!" from the beach was awesome!
Your stage was overflowing with light.
Your star wings were all wonderful!
Your strong desire to sing came through loud and clear.
Your support was what kept me going until the very end.
Yours was wonderful too!
Your talent as a designer is irrefutable.
Your task will be to sing a predetermined set piece.
Your tea is in a league of its own.
Your tea is in a world of its own.
Your technique isn't half bad.
- Your three entries have already been submitted.
Your tickles are all of S4's tickles!
Your tray's overflowing!
Your true objective?
Your unbridled determination is truly admirable.
Your unceasing passion lit a fire in me!
Your uniform's necktie is askew.
Your upperclassmen Shiratori and Kasumi are counting on you!
Your weaker self...
Your words honor me!
You said it!
You said it.
You said it yourself yesterday.
You saved me...
You saw all my weird scribbles and pronunciation guides, didn't you?
You saw my sister on it?
You see...
You see, even back in New Zealand I loved being able to let my emotions run wild.
You see, even back in New Zealand, I loved being able to let my emotions run wild.
You see, film crews and interviewers have come from far away to cover Elza's performance.
You see, I can't actually do it unless I clear my mind first.
You see, it's the one day a year when the two lovers Orihime and Hikoboshi, And if you write a wish to the stars on this wish paper, it'll come true!
You see, it's the one day of the year when the two lovers Orihime and Hikoboshi, separated by the Milky Way, are allowed to meet.
You seem pleased, Yuzu.
You seem preoccupied.
You seem pretty happy despite that.
You seem pretty similar to me.
You seem quite busy.
You seem really worn out.
You seem to be working hard these days.
You see, there is something I must tell you.
You see, we're free until this evening, so...
You seriously didn't know me?
You shall make no fool of me, accursed Hanazono Kirara!
You should accept the challenge!
You should also be aware that the camera has a wide field of view.
You should ask Lily-senpai!
You should be a designer!
You should become a designer!
You should be full aware of my kendo abilities.
You should be more confident.
You should be well aware of my kendo abilities.
You should be well prepared for it.
You should both understand just how important you are to each other.
You should don it with confidence.
You should expect nothing less from a one-day station master.
You should have received prior notice of today's uniform inspection.
You should just be happy and accept it!
You should know better, Miranda.
You should learn to be more honest too, greenhorn.
You should make the most of it.
You should not be surprised.
You shouldn't forget to eat and sleep properly.
You shouldn't have any trouble with that much.
You shouldn't underestimate Nijino Yume.
You should stop binding yourself to me and do what you want as well.
You should take on the challenge!
You should understand better than anyone.
You should use an overcast stitch there.
You showed me how much you loved Aikatsu.
You showed not an ounce of restraint.
You simply don't understand the inextricable relationship between idols and math.
You simply need to shine in a way that only you can.
You simply need to shine in the way that only you can.
You smell nice.
You sound nothing like you did before.
You sound well. What's up?
You stand alone on the stage to progress susundeiku butai ni wa kimi hitori The whole world changes in an instant shunkan sekai ga kawaru no There is a girl who is unafraid of facing solitude kodoku wo osorenai onna no ko ga iru Because partners just as courageous onnaji yuuki wo motteru
You started crying and screaming, "It's scary! I'll get poked!" Then you ran away and caused a huge scene.
You started it, Yuzu-senpai?
You still haven't given that up?
You still keep it around?
You stuck a poster under here.
You stuck up a poster under here.
You sure are full of energy even after our performance.
You sure are full of energy even after our song.
- You sure are. It's the first time anyone in our year's holding a concert in the Great Hall.
You sure are motivated.
You sure are. You're the first one in our year to hold a concert in the Grand Hall.
- You sure are. You're the first one in our year to hold a concert in the Great Hall.
You sure have a lot.
You sure know how to be rude!
You sure seem close.
You surprised me...
You, Susan.
You talked about it so much, Koharu-chan.
You taught me something important.
- You taught me too, Master. About fun that comes from being serious.
- You taught me too, Master. About the fun you only have when you get serious.
- You tell her too, Saya. Say how great Yume-chan is.
You there! Could it be that you're lost?
You think?
You think? I didn't notice.
You think? I'll be fine!
You think it's this one?
You think she'll come?
You think she's breaking tiles?
You think Shiny Academy will keep their lead until the finish line?
You think so?
You think so? The pumpkinhead thing seems cute to me.
You three!
You three.
You three...
You three have kept me waiting.
You three have made this an incredible show.
You told me that before.
You told us that you came to Four Star so that you could show up Yozora-senpai.
You told us that you came to Four Star to show up Yozora-senpai.
You too!
You too?
You too.
You too, girls.
You took off from school for half a year, and couldn't even train your Aikatsu.
You too, Saya-senpai.
You totally nailed it!
You totally nailed it back then!
You transmitted how much you loved Aikatsu to me.
You tripped because you fell off balance.
You truly are perfect.
You truly have a smile like the sun.
You truly saved me today.
You try to hide your frustration behind a forced smile, all the while sighing to yourself in private.
You two...
You two are amazing! Just the best!
You two are doing great!
You two are from Shiny Academy.
You two are incredible though. You're keeping up with the others already.
You two are out!
You two are so alike.
You two came to visit too?
You two decided to come too?
You two get to try my Laura-produced new flavor.
You two, go buy up all the chocolate!
You two, is this really the time to be lounging around?
You two, it is about time.
You two may be top idols in Japan, but your influence doesn't expand any further than that.
You two're pretty good.
You two seem pretty similar to me.
You two shouldered all of this heavy luggage up the mountain by yourselves?
You two shouldered these heavy supplies up the mountain all by yourselves?
You two transported these heavy supplies up the mountain all by yourselves?
You two understood each other to an extraordinary extent.
You understand what's going on, don't you?
You used to be so passionate...
You usually eat way more than a normal person should!
You usually only find these in brand headquarters, so you probably haven't had the chance to see one before.
You've all been given the privilege of sitting in on whichever class you'd like.
You've all been given the privilege to visit any class you'd like and observe anyone you want.
You've all done great this past year.
You've almost made it to the top of the ranking that used to be full of only Venus Ark idols!
You've also secured a trip to Los Angeles.
You've always had no sense of direction, Yume-chan.
You've barely changed since then.
You've become so reliable, Yume-chan.
You've been aboard for quite some time.
You've been at it for two whole hours nonstop.
You've been chosen by Elza. This is your chance to take flight to the world.
You've been pushed around by your harsh schedules since day one.
You've changed quite a bit yourself since coming to Japan.
You've come a long way since you were a worrying first-year.
You've done a good job.
You've done well to make it this far.
You've finally overtaken me.
You've finally started to act like an idol.
You've found your answer.
You've got a big appetite, Ako-chan.
You've got a great view of the venue from here.
You've got crazy bags under your eyes!
You've got good eyes, Aria-chan!
You've got good technique.
You've got it, and as much as you need.
You've got it backwards.
You've got it rough, Koharu.
You've got it wrong, Yume-chan.
You've got it. You know me better than anyone else around.
You've got it, Yume.
You've got me going!
You've got me going. That's the spirit!
You've got more than enough time!
You've gotta come and try this perfect parfait, or else...
You've gotta wear bubbling fashion and skip in heels!
You've got that right.
You've got that right! I want to hear some gratitude.
You've got to enjoy worrying about every little part of the process.
You've got to go out there and nail it!
You've got to hit it head-on!
You've grown beautiful. You're so much brighter than when we parted that I can hardly see.
You've grown dependable.
You've grown more mature in the short time I've been away.
You've had a hectic schedule ever since day one.
You've had a sour expression every time I saw you recently.
You've had experience wearing Spice Chord before, isn't that right?
- You've have some experience wearing Spice Chord before, isn't that right?
You've helped me out a little, so I just wanted...
You've known so much about idols since we were kids, and you memorized lyrics and dances way faster than I ever could.
You've made a sharp observation S.L.
You've made Four Star Academy's reputation skyrocket! Well done, Nijino!
You've made some wonderful friends.
You've matured a lot in the short time I've been away.
You've met your match, Ako Saotome.
You've picked a long road to travel.
You've provided me with more than enough radiance.
You've pushed yourself too hard attempting to appear on so many programs.
You've pushed yourself too hard attempting to take on so many programs.
You've really made progress from your first year full of worries.
You've resolved yourself to become a top idol.
You've stepped into a harsh world, but we can get through this together.
You've strayed too far off the path.
You've taken off now, Nijino.
You've worked so hard all this time.
You wanna say that again?
You wanna say that to my face?!
You wanted more than just the Sun Dress, didn't you?!
You wanted to add more?
You wanted to reach her. That one thought drove you to greater heights.
You wanted to reach her. With that in mind, you strove for greater heights.
You want me in this too?
You want me to act too?
You want me to be a guest heroine on the musical period drama "Japanese Sweets Quartet"?
You want me to come to Venus Ark?
You want me to force Nijino to rest?
You want me to perform?
You want something too, right?
You want to beat yourself?
You want to do something that will make everyone break into smiles with surprise.
You want to follow them and continue shooting?
You want to let even more people shine through Rainbow Berry Parfait, right?
You want us to sit on those?
- You wasted no time being late.
You wasted no time in being late.
You went to Venus Ark to learn about Star Premium Rare Coords at my suggestion.
You were able to do what must be done.
You were able to pull off a performance so amazing it surprised everyone.
You were absolutely dazzling, Ako-chan!
You were absolutely radiant in it.
You were a great help in looking after Aria-chan today.
You were a huge help.
You were a huge help during that audition I had.
You were all likely drawn here by Elza's radiance.
You were all right there next to me.
You were away from school for half a year, and couldn't even train your Aikatsu.
- You were awesome out there! It's like you were shining brighter than ever.
- You were awesome out there! You shone brighter than ever.
You were brilliant at your last performance.
You were childhood friends with Yuzu-senpai, so you're the only one.
You were close!
You were even the first of us second-years to get your Star Wings.
You were exactly right.
You were fabulous, Elza.
You were great as well, Yuzu.
You were great at Summer Fest!
You were great, Laura!
You were great today, Koharu!
You were incredible.
You were in such a pinch that I felt a tingling thirty thousand feet high.
You were just as great, Yuzu.
You were like a real-live prince.
You weren't aware?
You were on the verge of tears the entire time.
You were perfect again today.
You were positively brilliant!
You were really amazing.
You were really cute up there.
You were right, Yume.
You were so awesome!
You were so radiant.
You were splendid, Yuzu.
You were still half-asleep.
- You were supposed to turn a blind eye.
You were the one up there singing, so that makes it your own ability.
You were truly perfect.
You were utterly splendid.
You were very skillful, Yuzu.
You were watching.
You were wonderful, Lily.
You will?
You will? Awesome!
You will be able to discover a new objective.
You will find a new goal to strive toward.
You will find it over there.
You will make no fool of me, accursed Hanazono Kirara!
You win!
You win if you can make it to the end.
You won entirely through your own efforts, so at least look a little happy.
You won't be able to distract me with such words.
You won't escape me today At once!
You won't get any leeway just because you're my daughter.
You won't get anywhere with such half-baked senses.
You won the "Idol You Most Want To Receive Chocolate From" ranking.
You won't make it into the lead, so start the gag and trip over...
You won't take us down that easily!
You would do best to prepare accordingly.
You would have?
You would have sat it out completely had Yuzu-senpai not invited you, right?
You wouldn't have agreed had Yuzu-senpai not invited you, right?
You wouldn't want to catch a cold.
You, you're out.
- You - You - You - You - You - You You?
Yozora and Mahiru polish each other and push one another to greater heights.
Yozora-chan!
Yozora-chan, don't go!
Yozora... I guess the first star has descended.
Yozora... I guess the first star has made her appearance.
Yozora really wanted to see you too.
Yozora-sama!
Yozora-san and Mahiru-chan are the best!
Yozora-san is going to stomp all over the competition!
Yozora-san's gonna!
Yozora-senpai!
Yozora-senpai?!
Yozora-senpai.
Yozora-senpai...
Yozora-senpai! Asahi-senpai!
Yozora-senpai had three interviews as well as a lesson today.
Yozora-senpai had three interviews on top of a lesson today.
Yozora-senpai is so handsome!
Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai May I become more like Yozora-senpai Each and every one of them is about Aikatsu.
Yozora-senpai, please watch me!
Yozora-senpai's scent...
Yozora-senpai's show, "It's Yozora's Fashion Time".
Yozora-senpai, we'll be applying with our stage dresses.
Yozora-senpai, we're all entering the stage dress contest.
Yozora's still stuck at a shoot, but she said she'd make it back before you depart.
Yozora's still stuck at a shoot, but she said she'll make it back before you depart.
Yozora-tan's just abound with energy.
Yozora, you must love Mahiru-chan.
Yozora, you must love Mahiru-chan with all your heart.
Yukino Hotaru...
Yukino Hotaru had an untapped wealth of potential as an idol.
Yukino Hotaru had a wealth of untapped potential as an idol.
Yukino Hotaru-senpai.
- Yukino Hotaru - Yukino Hotaru - Yukino Hotaru - Yukino Hotaru - Shocking Retirement - Shocking Retirement - Shocking Retirement - An idol's sudden announcement - An idol's sudden announcement - An idol's sudden announcement - Yukino Hotaru - Yukino Hotaru - Mysterious Retirement!
Yume!
Yume?
Yume?!
Yume.
Yume...
Yume? Ako?
- Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu
- Yume - Ako - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru
Yume already told you she wasn't going!
Yume already told you she won't go!
Yume and Koharu aren't the only guests next week— a real live sheep will be visiting the studio as well.
Yume and Laura sure are taking their time.
Yume, are you back? I was looking for you.
Yume, are you okay?
Yume, are you okay?!
Yume! Are you okay?
Yume, are you taking this okay?
Yume, Aria, your performance was fantastic.
Yume, as an idol you are still incomplete.
Yumeathlon?
Yume, be honest.
Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Today - M 257 537 l 378 437 l 412 494 l 283 600 - On Sale - On Sale - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Nijino Yume CD Debut - Today
- Yume-chan!
Yume-chan!
Yume-chan?
Yume-chan.
Yume-chan...
Yume... chan?
Yume-chan, all of Japan's hopes rest on your shoulders.
Yume-chan and Aria have been training really hard together between the gaps of their other work.
Yume-chan and Aria have been working really hard, squeezing in extra training between their other work.
Yume-chan and I are childhood friends.
Yume-chan and Laura are almost at each other's throats.
Yume-chan and Laura are at each other's throats.
Yume-chan and Laura are really focused.
Yume-chan and Laura-chan are leading the set and artwork team.
Yume-chan and Laura-chan. We should be grateful for the miracle that brought you two together.
- Yume-chan and the girls - m 186 183 l 492 134 l 493 186 l 191 225 - M 186 183 l 492 134 l 493 186 l 191 225 - m 186 183 l 492 134 l 493 186 l 191 225 Are holding a concert!
Yume-chan, are you all right?
Yume-chan, are you aware of it?
Yume-chan, are you free?
Yume-chan, are you prepared?
Yume-chan can't be any other way.
Yume-chan cares more about her fans than anything else.
Yume-chan, come at me with everything you've got!
Yume-chan, congrats!
Yume-chan, didn't you say that you liked this dress?
Yume-chan, didn't you say you liked this dress?
Yume-chan, did you figure it out?
Yume-chan, do you remember the last time we were in here together?
Yume-chan, do you want a candy?
Yume-chan, do you want some candy?
Yume-chan, everyone...
Yume-chan, fight!
Yume-chan, follow us!
Yume-chan, for what purpose do you sing?
Yume-chan found the treasure box!
Yume-chan, has picking out a dress got you feeling stuck?
Yume-chan, Hime-chan!
Yume-chan! Hime-chan!
Yume-chan, how's your practice coming along?
Yume-chan, hurry!
Yume-chan, I can't believe you get to be on the Music Show!
Yume-chan, I have something important to tell you.
Yume-chan, I leave the future of Flower Song Class in your hands.
Yume-chan, I leave this in your hands.
Yume-chan, I'm looking forward to it!
Yume-chan, I'm so glad for you.
Yume-chan, I'm so happy for you.
Yume-chan, I'm sure you can handle this.
Yume-chan, interacting with your fans is an important part of your Aikatsu.
Yume-chan is cheering for Laura-chan, and Laura-chan is cheering for Yume-chan...
Yume-chan is cheering for me?
Yume-chan is great!
Yume-chan, is it true that you're doing an exchange program?
Yume-chan, is it true that you're taking an exchange period?
Yume-chan is? I wanna see!
Yume-chan is making her way to me one step at a time.
Yume-chan is my oldest friend, but I'm in Beauty Class with Mahiru-chan.
Yume-chan isn't that kind of girl.
Yume-chan is number one!
Yume-chan is so cute.
Yume-chan, is there time in my schedule before my next appointment?
Yume-chan is thinking about a very special dress right now.
Yume-chan is thinking up a very special dress right now.
Yume-chan, it's about to start.
Yume-chan, it's almost time for me to go.
Yume-chan, it's been so long!
Yume-chan, it's lovely! Very lovely!
Yume-chan, I've decided that I want to enter the Beauty Class!
Yume-chan, I've decided to enter the Beauty Class!
Yume-chan, I've kept it a secret, but in truth...
Yume-chan, Kirara-chan, you hit it right on the head!
Yume-chan, Kirara-chan, you nailed it!
Yume-chan, Koharu-chan, it's good to see you again too.
Yume-chan, Koharu-chan, thanks so much for helping us!
Yume-chan, Laura!
Yume-chan, Laura, that was amazing!
Yume-chan, Laura, you made history!
Yume-chan, let's change our plan a bit.
Yume-chan, let's go.
Yume-chan might be rather similar to myself.
Yume-chan, nice catch...?
Yume-chan, nice choice!
Yume-chan, open it up!
Yume-chan overcame it.
Yume-chan, over here!
Yume-chan, please take our photo.
Yume-chan said she wanted to do this herself no matter what.
Yume-chan's Aikatsu is so nice!
Yume-chan's Aikatsu is so very...
Yume-chan's brand is really cute!
Yume-chan's dream is to join S4. Right?
Yume-chan's dress is cute too.
Yume-chan's Dress Make Seminar!
Yume-chan's dress was lovely!
Yume-chan's family runs a pastry shop called Rainbow Confectionery.
Yume-chan's going to put on an unforgettable performance!
Yume-chan's got a vivid imagination, if nothing else.
Yume-chan's is Earth, Futaba Aria-chan's is Jupiter, and Yuzu's is Saturn.
Yume-chan's is the Super Girl Coord.
Yume-chan, sometimes when you're up on stage, you become completely different.
Yume-chan, sometimes when you're up on stage you sing totally differently.
Yume-chan's search for her individuality is far from over.
Yume-chan's so impressive.
Yume-chan, strengthen your heart!
Yume-chan, take these.
Yume-chan, thanks so much for today.
Yume-chan, thank you!
Yume-chan, thank you very much for the other day.
Yume-chan, that's it! Keep it up!
Yume-chan, that's why...
Yume-chan, there's something I'd like to show you.
Yume-chan, these flowers...
Yume-chan, this is for you.
Yume-chan, this is great! You'll be able to observe Hime-senpai's work up close as her manager!
Yume-chan, turn around.
Yume-chan, wait for me!
Yume-chan, wanna try?
Yume-chan, was something wrong?
Yume-chan! We came to lend a hand!
Yume-chan, we did it!
Yume-chan! Welcome home.
Yume-chan, we'll be ready for you.
Yume-chan, what do you sing for?
Yume-chan, what would you want to do in S4?
Yume-chan, you can do it!
Yume-chan, you don't need to push yourself that hard.
Yume-chan, you keep on getting closer to your dream of joining S4.
Yume-chan, you'll be releasing your debut CD soon, won't you?
Yume-chan, you played the main role marvelously.
Yume-chan, your debut CD's coming out soon, isn't it?
Yume-chan, you really do love it.
Yume-chan, you really love it, don't you?
Yume-chan, you're amazing!
Yume-chan! You're back?
Yume-chan, you're making wrinkles on your forehead.
Yume-chan, you rock!
Yume-chan, you should turn back at once.
Yume-chan, you've already more than earned your place in S4.
Yume-chan, you've got great taste!
Yume-chan, you want to compete with it?
Yume-chan, you were able to play your role as the protagonist all the way through.
- Yume-chan! - Yume-chan!
Yume-chan! Yume-chan!
Yume-chan Yume-chan The fans who are always cheering me on.
Yume, congratulations.
Yume, congratulations on winning.
Yume, could I write my own wish paper?
Yume did?
Yume, did something happen with Koharu?
Yume, don't tell me you had no idea.
Yume, don't you want to go to Venus Ark?
Yume, do you have any leads?
Yume, do you have to cry every time you watch a drama?
Yume Everything full power.
Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy Four Star Academy Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy Four Star Academy
Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino
Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy - Student ID - Student ID - Nijino Yume - Nijino Yume - Four Star Academy - Four Star Academy This is your student ID, and
Yume... girls!
Yume got it just the other day.
Yume got one just the other day.
Yume got the S!
Yume, great job.
Yume, heading out for a job?
Yume helped me realize something important.
Yume, holding up?
Yume, hold out the palm of your right hand.
Yume, I accept your offer to be a Song Class admin!
Yume, I accept your offer to be a Song Class admin.
Yume, I felt something during our match.
Yume, I know you can do it.
Yume, I'll be waiting for you.
Yume, I'm asking because I know you can do it.
Yume, I'm not going to lose.
Yume, I'm not gonna lose!
Yume... I'm sorry.
Yume invited us to their Christmas event.
Yume is a vital piece of my plan to lure Hime to Venus Ark.
Yume is my rival. That won't change.
Yume is necessary for me to lure Hime to Venus Ark.
Yume is preparing to pull off the greatest performance she possibly can.
Yume is so bright.
Yume is trying to pull off the greatest performance she possibly can.
Yume, I think that's a fortune cookie.
Yume, I think you've got a press conference for announcing your new brand.
Yume, I think you've got a press conference to announce your new brand.
Yume, it's about time to head out.
Yume, I want to sing the same song on the same stage with you.
Yume, Koharu! Over here!
Yume, Laura, do your best!
- Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Laura - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume - Ako - Mahiru - Koharu - Yume
Yume, Laura, we heard you'll be entering Venus Wave.
Yume Laura Yume Koharu Laura Mahiru Ako Each bundle of frills adds to the courage it gives me Each bundle of frills adds to the courage it gives me - Ako-chan - Koharu-chan - Yume-chan - Laura-chan - Mahiru - Laura rocks! - Yume-chan - Mahiru A Thank you!
Yume, listen to this!
Yume, Mahiru!
Yume, mind if I put up a wish paper?
Yume Nijino!
Yume Nijino?
Yume Nijino.
Yume Nijino has the Star Wings of Earth.
Yume Nijino, I expected you to close in on me.
Yume Nijino. I look forward to seeing whether your bark is greater than your bite.
Yume Nijino, in order to accomplish that, you must obtain a Star Premium Rare Coord.
Yume Nijino obtained the Earth Star Premium Rare Coord.
Yume Nijino, show me how you shine at the Final Tournament!
Yume Nijino started a new brand?
Yume Nijino, the goddess of victory has already decided to smile upon me today.
Yume Nijino. Your performance had better impress.
Yume no sekai no doa yume no sekai no doa yume no sekai no doa yume no sekai no doa From the door of dreams From the door of dreams From the door of dreams From the door of dreams hikari no mukou gawa Light comes pouring out hikari no mukou gawa
Yume, our Aikatsu won't end.
Yume! Please win and stop Elza!
Yume, run!
Yume-san!
Yume-san...
Yume-san, I'm so glad to have the opportunity to be in this final evaluation with you.
Yume-san, is something the matter?
Yume-san, Laura-san, I vow not to lose to you.
Yume-san must feel reassured to have her best friend and design expert by her side.
Yume-san, you crafted a dress with Koharu-san.
Yume-san, you have a visitor.
Yume's doing everything she can.
Yume's Dream Start...
Yume's Dream Start. How's that sound?
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start Thank goodness we were able to make it in time for today's release. Here.
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start Thank you so much!
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start This is my very first CD.
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start No, this was all thanks to you.
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start
- Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start - Yume's Dream Start
Yume-senpai!
Yume-senpai and Laura-senpai are amazing!
Yume-senpai, good luck with your work!
Yume-senpai, good morning!
Yume-senpai waved at me!
Yume-senpai, you most definitely should not.
Yume-senpai, you're incredible!
Yume's Start Line!
Yume, starting today, we're going to be true rivals.
Yume successfully got the S!
Yume, take care of the stage decorations.
Yume, thank you!
Yume, that was a pretty cool line.
Yume, the audition's started.
Yume, this is insane!
Yume told me the situation.
Yume truly is an intriguing idol.
Yume! Wake up!
yume wa miru mono ja nai kanaeru mono da yo Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your desire to make them shine Be honest with your
Yume! Welcome back!
Yume! We'll be able to see Lily-senpai sing in person!
Yume, we must be going.
Yume, we need to get going!
Yume, we need to step on it!
Yume, we're heading to the cafe!
Yume, what are you looking at?
Yume, what does he mean by mission?
Yume! What have you come for?
Yume, what lesson do you want to attend today?
Yume, what's up?
Yume, what's wrong?
Yume! Why have you come?
Yume will have to surpass her to win.
Yume, you are missing something.
Yume, you are still lacking something.
Yume, you can't afford to lose!
Yume, you need to participate in the Fall Fest!
Yume, you're acting like a creeper.
Yume, you really have changed.
Yume, you're already heading out for a job?
Yume, you're getting too excited!
Yume, you're in her personal space.
Yume, you're just getting excited over the thought of free ice cream if I pass.
Yume, your family runs a confectionery shop, right?
Yume, you seem a lot more into this than usual.
Yume, you still lack something vital as an idol.
Yume, you've changed.
Yume! You've grown wings!
Yume Yume - Congratulations on the Final Tournament! - Congratulations on the Final Tournament!
Yume Yume Mahiru Mahiru Congratulations on the Final Tournament!
Yume! Yume! Yume!
Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume Yume - Mahiru
Yummy!
- Yunikoo... n - Unicor... n!
Yuri?
Yuri-chan's Dress Coordinate Seminar!
- Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar Friends who held dress coordination seminars for you.
- Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Yuri-chan's - Dress Coordinate Seminar - Dress Coordinate Seminar
Yuri-chan's Dress Coordination Seminar!
Yuri-chan's Dress Make Seminar!
Yurika!
Yurika-chan, what's wrong?
Yuri-san!
Yuri-san, are you there?
Yuri-san, do you remember any distinguishing features of the person who assaulted you?
Yuri-san is the culprit!
Yuri-san knows this property like the back of her hand.
Yuri-san, regarding your poster...
Yuri-senpai?
Yuri-senpai?!
Yuri-senpai.
Yuri-senpai got a stomachache from eating too many chocolate takoyaki.
Yuri-senpai got a stomachache from eating too much chocolate takoyaki.
Yuri-senpai is amazing.
Yuri-senpai, please look after Koharu-chan.
Yuri-senpai, thank you so much.
Yuri-senpai, you shouldn't eat so many...
Yuri told us all about your assistance.
Yuri told us all about your help.
Yuuki Subaru.
Yuuki Subaru, I have a request.
- Yuuki Subaru - Yuuki Subaru - Yuuki Subaru - Yuuki Subaru - Yuuki Subaru - Yuuki Subaru Yuuki Subaru Yuuki Subaru If I had to say, you're the outsider here.
yuuki yo hoshi ni nare Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare La la la la let our music resound!
yuuki yo hoshi ni nare Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare Our courage becomes a star yuuki yo hoshi ni nare La la la la let our music resound!
Yu, yu...
Yu Yu Me Me Yu Yu Zu Zu - A - A - Ko - ko That makes Yuzukoshou.
Yuzu!
Yuzu?
Yuzu?!
Yuzu.
Yuzu...
Yuzu & Ako's Yuzu & Ako's Special Stage Special Stage Coming!
- Yuzu & Ako's - Yuzu & Ako's - Special Stage - Special Stage Huh?
Yuzu & Ako's Yuzu & Ako's Special Stage Special Stage Um, this event was constructed rather suddenly— Was there a particular reason behind it?
Yuzu and I are nearing the end of our three years.
Yuzu and Lily.
Yuzu, aren't you one of us too?
Yuzu blew the field away.
Yuzu-chan and Ako-chan's unit!! Good luck! Doki doki... I'm getting so nervous My whole family is on standby in front of our TV! Good luck! I can't even imagine how this stage will be - m 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24 - M 1242 24 b 1245 24 1247 26 1248 29 l 1248 285 b 1248 288 1246 290 1242 290 l 1102 290 b 1098 290 1096 288 1096 285 l 1096 29 b 1096 25 1098 24 1102 24
Yuzu-chan, have you taken an interest in her?
Yuzu-chan invited us too!
Yuzu-chan sent invites to us too!
Yuzu-chan! We're expecting great things for today's concert.
Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste - Our unit name is...
- Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste Yuzu Chili Pepper Paste Yuzukoshou!
Yuzu, congratulations!
Yuzu had an aha moment!
Yuzu, had I taken the full brunt of your tackle, I would have gone back on medical leave.
Yuzu helped me to realize that I must do what I am able to.
Yuzu, how do you want to produce this?
Yuzu, I am grateful, but my mood is not...
Yuzu, if I were to accept your tackle head-on, I would be sent right back out the gate and this school.
Yuzu, I know you wish for fun Aikatsu that allows your heart to dance freely.
Yuzu, I know you wish to fun Aikatsu that allows your heart to dance freely.
Yuzu is an idol who bestows light upon the world.
Yuzu is an idol who sheds light on the world.
Yuzu, I sincerely congratulate you on your Star Wings.
Yuzu is still on stage answering questions from reporters.
Yuzu is the childhood friend here!
Yuzu is the sun.
Yuzu is with the pop Shiny Smile.
Yuzu, it's too dangerous!
Yuzu just wanted to watch it!
- Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room What's up?
- Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room I just posted on KirakiLine, and look.
- Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room - Yuzukoshou - Dressing Room
Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Entry Sheet - Unit Name - Members - Song Title - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Entry Sheet - Unit Name - Members - Song Title - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako
Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Entry Sheet - Unit Name Members Song Title - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako - Yuzukoshou - Nikaidou Yuzu - Nijino Yume - Saotome Ako Members We're making you an offer you cannot refuse.
Yuzukoshou Yuzukoshou Isn't that right, Yuzu-senpai?
Yuzukoshou Yuzukoshou Yuzukoshou? But why?
- Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou We got second place?
- Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou Yuzukoshou.
- Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou - Yuzukoshou
Yuzu left no room for question.
Yuzu, let us go.
Yuzu loves to dance! Therefore, Yuzu's personal spinning record is one hundred turns!
Yuzu 'n Lily!
Yuzu 'n Lily. This could be the start of a new legend!
Yuzu 'n Lily. This may be the start of a new legend!
Yuzu 'n Lily ☆ Yuzu 'n Lily ☆ Yuzu 'n Lily ☆ Black Star?
Yuzu 'n Lily Yuzu 'n Lily Yuzu 'n Lily Our hearts are as one.
- Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily Yuzu 'n Lily, she says?!
- Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily
- Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily - Yuzu 'n Lily
Yuzu rarely worries about things, so this is how she ends up whenever she does.
Yuzu-sama.
Yuzu-sama...
Yuzu-sama, did I or did I not instruct you to stay put until the finals?
Yuzu-sama disappeared!
Yuzu-sama, I have more than a few choice words for you, but that can come later!
Yuzu-sama, I have more than a few choice words for you, but we have to save it!
Yuzu-sama, I instructed you to stay put until the finals began.
Yuzu-sama, I never took you for the mentoring type.
Yuzu-sama is free and independent, and always running us ragged.
Yuzu-sama is loose and unbound, always running us ragged.
Yuzu-sama, please polish it more thoroughly.
Yuzu-sama's least favorite things are group activities and strict schedules.
Yuzu-sama spotted!
Yuzu-sama spotted at the pathway!
Yuzu-sama spotted in the plaza!
Yuzu-senpai!
Yuzu-senpai?
Yuzu-senpai?!
Yuzu-senpai.
Yuzu-senpai...
Yuzu-senpai acts way too free.
Yuzu-senpai and Ako-chan filled me with hope.
Yuzu-senpai and Ako-chan lent me their support.
Yuzu-senpai and Lily-senpai just used it for their grand entrance.
Yuzu-senpai, are you going to compete too?
Yuzu-senpai doesn't hold back.
Yuzu-senpai held an event for her brand, Shiny Smile, just the other day.
Yuzu-senpai is amazing.
Yuzu-senpai is an exalted member of our S4.
Yuzu-senpai is merciless, even going so far as to set up a pitfall.
Yuzu-senpai is right...
Yuzu-senpai is so brilliant.
Yuzu-senpai is taking her sweet time.
Yuzu-senpai is way too free.
Yuzu-senpai, it will be I who claims victory, Haruka☆Luka!
Yuzu-senpai, I want to sing Episode Solo for our Aikatsu Budokan concert.
Yuzu-senpai, Lily-senpai.
Yuzu-senpai, nice!
Yuzu-senpai's amazing!
Yuzu-senpai, shouldn't you have let the employees here take care of the line?
Yuzu-senpai's invitation says that she has an important announcement to make.
Yuzu-senpai's the leader of Dance Class.
Yuzu-senpai still isn't back.
Yuzu-senpai, thank you for your cooperation.
Yuzu-senpai, thank you very much!
Yuzu-senpai, that victory will be claimed by me, Haruka☆Luka!
Yuzu-senpai, that was amazing!
Yuzu-senpai was showing us around.
Yuzu-senpai wear the Hopping Animal Coord, blessed by the bright rays of the sun.
Yuzu-senpai, we'll be relying on you for our English lesson!
Yuzu-senpai went all-out, even going so far as to set up a pitfall.
Yuzu-senpai! We're all ready to roast!
Yuzu-senpai, what are you going to do?
Yuzu-senpai wore the Hopping Animal Coord, blessed by the bright rays of the sun.
Yuzu-senpai! Would you mind sharing the information I requested now?
Yuzu-senpai, you'll be graduating from the middle school, right?
Yuzu-senpai, you're amazing... huh?
- Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai We made these to commemorate your reunion.
- Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai - Hime-senpai - Tsubasa-senpai - Yuzu-senpai - Yozora-senpai
Yuzu sent the message telling her to congratulate us!
Yuzu's favorite is the triple tonkatsu fried shrimp with piles of cabbage!
Yuzu's gonna animal with Lilienne!
Yuzu's gonna go search with everyone else!
Yuzu's in the mood for ice cream!
Yuzu's pancakes!
Yuzu's place is out in the world.
Yuzu's top spin record is one-hundred turns!
Yuzu's True or False Quiz!
"Yuzu, that is not a cookie, but an eraser." Arisa here again.
Yuzu, that is not something you should be saying with a smile.
Yuzu, the weather report!
Yuzu, was I able to pay it back?
Yuzu, was I able to reciprocate them?
Yuzu, what is the treasure?
Yuzu, you haven't changed a touch since those days.
Yuzu Yuzu "Come at me with all ya got" "Come at me with all ya got" m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 m 0 0 l 100 0 100 100 0 100 Yuzu-senpai's working hard.
Y-Yeah!
Y-Yeah.
Y-Yeah...
Y-Yeah, me too...
Y-Yeah, thanks.
Y-Yes!
Y-Yes?
Y-Yes.
Y-Yes...
Y-Yes, I'm all right.
Y-Yes. I'm really happy that I'll be able to record in the studio next door.
Y-Yes, it is.
Y-Yes, please do!
Y-Yes, we certainly do.
Y-Yes, what of it?
Y-You'll definitely ice...
Y-You may have gotten a giant chocolate bar, but it doesn't even fit in your bag.
Y-You may. Very well then.
Y-You're gravely mistaken!
Y-You're imagining things.
Y-You're overreacting.
Y-You're right.
Y-You're seeing things.
Y-You're welcome.
Y-You think?
Y-You think so?
Y-Yume-chan?
Y-Yume-chan! It's me, Koharu!
Y-Yume's Dream Star comes out September 8th.
"Y-Yuzu-chan"?
Y-Yuzu-senpai!
Y-Yuzu-senpai?
zenbu honto no watashi nan da Are both part of who I really am zenbu honto no watashi nan da Are both part of who I really am zenbu honto no watashi nan da Ever since the day I passed my start line sutaato rain wo tobikoeta Ever since the day I passed my start line
zutto oikaketetai Your story I'll always be chasing after your story Preview Preview The boat's arrived!
Zutto tomodachi deshou?
